Signed ... , who had been with the , to a ...-year contract.

Aug 15, 2017
Toronto Maple Leafs: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Alexey Marchenko.

Aug 14, 2017
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of defenseman Matt Greene.

Aug 12, 2017
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of left wing Pierre-Luc Letourneau-Leblond.

Aug 10, 2017
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Kailer Yamamoto to a three-year contract.

Aug 9, 2017
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Brendan Gaunce to a two-year contract.

Aug 8, 2017
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Stephen Gionta to a one-year contract.

Aug 7, 2017
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Barclay Goodrow to a two-year contract.

Aug 5, 2017
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Michael Rasmussen to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Nate Schmidt to a two-year contract.

Aug 4, 2017
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Jamie Oleksiak to a one-year contract.

Aug 3, 2017
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman MacKenzie Weegar to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of center Mike Fisher.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Isaac Ratcliffe and center Morgan Frost to a three-year contract.

Aug 2, 2017
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Calvin de Haan to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Nate Prosser to a two-year contract.

Aug 1, 2017
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Brett Pesce to a six-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Mikael Granlund to a three-year contract.

Jul 31, 2017
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Nathan Beaulieu to a two-year contract.

Jul 30, 2017
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Nino Niederreiter to a five-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Conor Sheary to a three-year contract.

Jul 28, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Collin Delia to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Ryan Johansen to an eight-year contract.

Jul 27, 2017
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Evan Rodrigues to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Phillip Di Giuseppe to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Connor Jones to a one-year contract.

Jul 26, 2017
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center Ryan Spooner to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Rocco Grimaldi to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Blake Pietila to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Ben Thomson, centers Kevin Rooney and Blake Coleman and right wing Stefan Noesen to one-year contracts.

Jul 25, 2017
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed goaltender Robin Lehner to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Jesse Graham to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Matt Nieto to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Mark Streit, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Joseph Blandisi to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Mirco Mueller and goaltender Scott Wedgewood to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Mika Zibanejad to a five-year contract.

Jul 24, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Marek Langhamer to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Austin Watson to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Adam Pelech to a four-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Johnny Oduya, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Brian Dumoulin to a six-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Reid Boucher to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed goaltender Connor Hellebuyck to a one-year contract.

Jul 22, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed center Tyler Gaudet to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Jordan Martinook to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltenders Jon Gillies and David Rittich to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Viktor Arvidsson to a seven-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Jordan Binningham to a one-year contract.

Jul 21, 2017
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Juuso Valimaki to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Tomas Tatar to a four-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Ryan Dzingel to a two-year contract.

Jul 20, 2017
Calgary Flames: Re-signed right wing Garnet Hathaway to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Yannick Veilleux to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed goaltender Marek Mazanec to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Colton Parayko to a five-year contract.

Jul 19, 2017
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Owen Tippett to a three-year contract.

Jul 18, 2017
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Felix Girard, defenseman Duncan Siemens and left wing Gabriel Bourque to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Martin Frk to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Pontus Aberg to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Daniel Catenacci to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Marcus Sorensen to a two-year contract.

Jul 17, 2017
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center Austin Czarnik to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Brian Campbell.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Frederick Gaudreau to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Alexander Georgiev to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Jean-Gabriel Pageau to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Nolan Patrick to a three-year contract; re-signed goaltender Alex Lyon to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed right wing J.C. Lipon to a one-year contract.

Jul 16, 2017
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Dillon Simpson to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed goaltender Anthony Stolarz to a one-year contract; re-signed center Cole Bardreau to a two-year contract.

Jul 15, 2017
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Nico Hischier to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Michael Bournival to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed centers Cody Glass and Nick Suzuki, and defenseman Erik Brannstrom to three-year contracts; signed left wing Brendan Leipsic and defenseman Griffin Reinhart to two-year contracts.

Jul 14, 2017
Boston Bruins: Re-signed goaltenders Zane McIntyre and Malcolm Subban to two-year contracts.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Curtis Lazar to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Martin Necas to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Erik Gustafsson to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defensemen Kurtis MacDermid, Zachary Leslie, Paul LaDue and Kevin Gravel, center Andrew Crescenzi and left wing Michael Mersch to one-year contracts; re-signed center Jonny Brodzinski to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Filip Chytil to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Ondrej Palat to a five-year contract.                                                              
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Liam O'Brien to a one-year contract.

Jul 13, 2017
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Micheal Ferland to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Andrew Ference.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed right wing Justin Auger to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Christopher Gibson to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Lias Andersson to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed left wing Taylor Leier to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Rudolfs Balcers and goaltender Josef Korenar to three-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Michael Chaput to a one-year contract
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Mason Appleton to a three-year contract; re-signed center Andrew Copp to a two-year contract.

Jul 12, 2017
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Jaccob Slavin to a seven-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Joey LaLeggia to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Derrick Pouliot to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Timothy Liljegren to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Evan McEneny to a two-year contract.

Jul 11, 2017
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Gemel Smith to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Kristers Gudlevskis to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Patrick Sieloff to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Scott Laughton to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Wayne Simpson to a one-year contract.

Jul 10, 2017
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Radek Faksa to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Yohann Auvitu to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Steve Michalek and right wings Kurtis Gabriel and Zack Mitchell to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Chris Tierney to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Tyler Johnson to a seven-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed left wing Brandon Tanev to a one-year contract.

Jul 8, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Alex Dostie to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Johan Larsson to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Miro Heiskanen to a three-year contract.

Jul 7, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Dennis Rasmussen to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Jussi Jokinen to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Kevin Klein.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Joseph Labate to a one-year contract.

Jul 6, 2017
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Brett Ritchie to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Mark Pysyk to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Nick Shore to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed goaltender Charlie Lindgren to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Adam Johnson to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Teemu Pulkkinen to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Philipp Grubauer to a one-year contract.

Jul 5, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Reto Berra, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Emerson Etem, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center Tim Schaller to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Connor McDavid to an eight-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Alex Galchenyuk to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Sebastian Aho to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Jesper Fast to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Chris Driedger to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Klim Kostin to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Jake Dotchin to a two-year contract; re-signed center Matthew Peca to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Zach Hyman to a four-year contract; re-signed defenseman Justin Holl to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Travis Boyd to a one-year contract.

Jul 4, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Michael Latta to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Marcus Kruger from the Vegas Golden Knights for a fifth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Nail Yakupov, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center David Desharnais, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Kevin Czuczman to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Brandon Bollig to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed center Oscar Lindberg to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Andre Burakovsky to a two-year contract.

Jul 3, 2017
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Brad Malone to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Alex Radulov, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a five-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Xavier Oueleet to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Zach Palmquist to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Ales Hemsky, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Slater Koekkoek to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Oscar Dansk to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Devante Smith-Pelly, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; signed center John Albert to a one-year contract.

Jul 2, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Steve Oleksy to a two-year contract; signed right wing Scott Sabourin to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Luke Gazdic to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Sebastian Repo to a three-year contract; signed right wing Alexandre Grenier, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Mike Reilly to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Carey Price to an eight-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Marcus Johansson from the Washington Capitals for second- and third-round picks (previously acquired from Florida and Toronto) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Patrick Marleau, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired center Marcus Kruger from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Evgeny Kuznetsov to an eight-year contract.

Jul 1, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Ryan Miller, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Cam Fowler to an eight-year contract extension; signed left wing Mike Liambas and center Derek Grant to one-year contracts.
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed center Nick Cousins to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Adam Clendening, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Mike Sislo, left wing Zac Rinaldo and defensemen Joel Hanley and Andrew Campbell to one-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Kenny Agostino, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Paul Postma, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Jordan Szwarz to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Jacob Josefon, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Adam Wilcox, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; signed center Kevin Porter to a two-year contract; signed center Seth Griffith, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Tennyson to a two-year contract; signed left wing Benoit Pouliot, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Chad Johnson to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Spencer Foo to a two-year contract; signed left wing Marek Hrivik to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Justin Williams, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Dennis Robertson to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Brenden Kichton, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Jeremy Smith to a one-year contract; signed center Josh Jooris, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Patrik Sharp, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed center Tommy Wingels, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jordan Oesterle and goaltender Jean-Francois Berube to two-year contracts; signed center Lance Bouma to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Colin Wilson from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Jonathan Bernier, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Joe Cannata to a one-year contract; signed defenseman David Warsofsky and left wing Andrew Agozzino to two-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Andre Benoit to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Cameron Gaunce to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Martin Hanzal, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Patrik Nemeth to a one-year contract; signed center Brian Flynn, defenseman Brent Regner and goaltender Mike McKenna to one-year contracts; signed right wing Tyler Pitlick, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired goaltender Tom McCollum from the Calgary Flames for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft; signed left wing Turner Elson to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Trevor Daley, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Ty Rattie, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Ryan Stanton, goaltender Edward Pasquale and right wing Mitch Callahan to two-year contracts; signed right wings Grayson Downing and Brian Ferlin and defenseman Keegan Lowe to one-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Evgenii Dadonov to a three-year contract; re-signed center Chase Balisy and defensemen Reece Scarlett and Alex Petrovic to one-year contracts; signed centers Curtis Valk and Connor Brickley to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Harri Sateri and center Michael Haley to two-year contracts; signed right wing Radim Vrbata, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Michael Cammalleri, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Christian Folin, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Darcy Kuemper, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Stepan Falkovsky to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Calvin Petersen to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Landon Ferraro, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Kyle Quincey, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed center Kyle Rau to a one-year contract; signed center Cal O'Reilly to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Niklas Svedberg and defensemen Alex Grant and Ryan Murphy to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Karl Alzner, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a five-year contract; signed center Peter Holland, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract; signed center Byron Froese, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Joe Morrow to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Taormina, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Alexei Emelin from the Vegas Golden Knights for a third-round pick in the 20.. NHL Draft; signed center Nick Bonino, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Matthew O'Connor, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Scott Hartnell, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Pierre-Cedric Labrie and goaltender Andery Lindback to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Brian Boyle, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; signed center Bracken Kearns and defenseman Brian Strait to one-year contracts; re-signed center Brian Gibbons to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Acquired goaltender Kristers Gudlevskis from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Carter Verhaeghe; signed defenseman Kane Lafranchise to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Seth Helgeson, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Ondrej Pavelec, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Cole Schneider and center Paul Carey to one-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Tyler Randell, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Erik Burgdoerfer to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Danny Taylor and centers Max Reinhart and Ben Sexton to one-year contracts; signed center Nate Thompson, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Brian Elliott, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract; re-signed center Corban Knight and Mike Vecchione to two-year contracts; signed center Phil Varone to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Justin Schultz to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Hunwick, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Antti Niemi, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Garrett Wilson to a two-year contract extension; re-signed defenseman Frank Corrado and left wing Tom Sestito to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Casey DeSmith and defenseman Chris Summers to two-year contracts; signed center Greg McKegg and defensemen Zach Trotman and Jarred Tinordi to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blus: Signed right wing Beau Bennett, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Oskar Sundqvist to a one-year contract; signed right wing Chris Thorburn to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Joe Thornton to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Martin Jones to a six-year contract extension; signed defenseman Marc-Edouard Vlasic to an eight-year contract extension; signed goaltender Antoine Bibeau, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Dan Girardi, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Chris Kunitz, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Alex Gallant and defensemen Mat Bodie and Jamie McBain to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Luke Witkowski to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Oleg Sosunov to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Ron Hainsey, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract; signed center Dominic Moore, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltenders Curts McElhinney and Garret Sparks to two-year contracts; re-signed center Colin Greening to a one-year contract; signed center Chris Mueller and defenseman Vincent LoVerde to two-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Sam Gagner , who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Michael Del Zotto, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Patrick Wiercioch, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; signed center Alex Burmistrov, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Anton Rodin to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Anders Nilsson to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Max Lagace, center Stefan Matteau, right wing Paul Thompson and defenseman Chris Casto to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Brad Hunt to a two-year contract. Signed center T.J. Tynan, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Anthony Peluso, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Steve Mason, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Dmitry Kulikov, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Cameron Schilling and right wing Buddy Robinson to one-year contracts; signed center Michael Sgarbossa, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.

Jun 30, 2017
Boston Bruins: Bought out the contract of right wing Jimmy Hayes.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired right wing Jason Pominville, defenseman Marco Scandella and a fourth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Minnesota Wild for left wings Marcus Foligno and Tyler Ennis and a third-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Michael Stone to a three-year contract extension; bought out the contracts of defenseman Ryan Murphy and center Lance Bouma.
Florida Panthers: Bought out the contract of left wing Jussi Jokinen.
New Jersey Devils: Bought out the contracts of right wing Devante Smith-Pelly and left wing Michael Cammalleri.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Dmitry Orlov to a six-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Bought out the contract of defenseman Mark Stuart.

Jun 29, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Jaycob Megna to a two-year contract extension; signed goaltender Kevin Boyle to a one-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Eddie Lack and defenseman Ryan Murphy and a seventh-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Keegan Kanzig and a sixth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft; signed right wing Kris Versteeg to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Bought out the contract of left wing Scott Hartnell.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Dylan McIlrath to a two-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Bought out the contract of left wing Benoit Pouliot.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Keith Kinkaid to a two-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Brendan Smith to a four-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Jordan Weal to a two-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Magnus Paajarvi to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Alexander Volkov to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Adam Brooks to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Chandler Stephenson to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 28, 2017
Boston Bruins: Signed center Noel Acciari to a two-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Brock McGinn to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Philip Samuelsson to a one-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Sven Andrighetto to a two-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Brian Lashoff to a two-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Jacob de la Rose to a two-year extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Mike Condon to a three-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Chris Butler to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed centers Gabriel Dumont and Cory Conacher to two-year contract extensions.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Pheonic Copley to a two-year contract extension.


Jun 27, 2017
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Jake Chelios and center Patrick Brown to one-year contract extensions.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Ville Pokka to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Jordan Schroeder to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Bought out the contract of goaltender Antti Niemi.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Ben Street to a one-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Eric Gryba to a two-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Patrick Cannone to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Max McCormick to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 26, 2017
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Taylor Fedun to a two-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Trevor Carrick and center Derek Ryan to one-year contract extensions.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Anton Forsberg to a two-year contract extension; signed left wing Tomas Jurco to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Marc Methot from the Vegas Golden Knights for goaltender Dylan Ferguson and a second-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Esa Lindell to a two-year contract extension; signed center Mark McNeill to a one-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Zack Kassian to a three-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Gustav Olofsson to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Tom Pyatt to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Mark Alt to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Wade Megan to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Yanni Gourde to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Andrej Sustr to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Brett Connolly to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 25, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Korbinian Holzer to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 24, 2017
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Travis Hamonic and a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2019 or 2020 NHL Draft from the New York Islanders for first- and second-round picks in the 2019 NHL Draft and a conditional second-round pick in the 2019 or 2020 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 112th overall, Blackhawks selected Tim Soderlund) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for fifth- (previously acquired from Carolina; 135th overall, Canucks selected Kristoffer Gunnarsson) and sixth-round picks (181st overall, Canucks selected Petrus Palmu) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary; 78th overall, Oilers selected Stuart Skinner) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for third- (previously acquired from St. Louis; 82nd overall, Coyotes selected Cameron Crotty) and fifth-round (previously acquired from Vancouver; 126th overall, Coyotes selected Michael Karow) picks in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Andy Andreoff to a two-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a seventh-round pick (199th overall, Canadiens selected Cayden Primeau) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a seventh-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired a sixth-round pick (165th overall, Islanders selected Arnaud Durandeau) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a sixth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a second-round pick (35th overall, Flyers selected Isaac Ratcliffe) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for second-, third- and fourth-round picks (the last one previously acquired from the NY Islanders; 44th, 75th and 108th overall, Coyotes selected Filip Westerlund, Nate Schnarr and Noel Hoefenmayer) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 102nd overall, Sharks selected Scott Reedy) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the New York Rangers for fourth- and sixth-round picks (the first one previously acquired from Nashville via New Jersey; 123rd and 174th overall, Rangers selected Brandon Crawley and Morgan Barron) in the 2017 NHL Draft; acquired a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 185th overall, Sharks selected Alexander Chmelevski) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils for two seventh-round picks (one previously acquired from Ottawa; 205th and 214th overall, Devils selected Yegor Zaitsev and Matthew Hellickson) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired right wing Keegan Kolesar from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 45th overall, Blue Jackets selected Alexandre Texier) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Ben Chiarot to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 23, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Patrick Eaves to a three-year contract extension.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired center Derek Stepan and goaltender Antti Raanta from the New York Rangers for defenseman Anthony DeAngelo and a first-round pick (7th overall, Rangers selected Lias Andersson) in the 2017 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Niklas Hjalmarsson from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Connor Murphy and center Laurent Dauphin.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired left wings Artemi Panarin and Tyler Motte and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from the NY Islanders; 170th overall, Blue Jackets selected Jonathan Davidsson) from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Brandon Saad, goaltender Anton Forsberg and a fifth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft; acquired center Jordan Schroeder from the Minnesota Wild for center Dante Salituro; signed center Alex Broadhurst to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Acquired a first-round pick (26th overall, Stars selected Jake Oettinger) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for first- and third-round picks (the first one previously acquired from Anaheim; 29th and 70th overall, Blackhawks selected Henri Jokiharju and Andrei Altybarmakyan) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Kris Russell to a four-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Bought out the contract of defenseman Matt Greene.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Ryan Reaves and a second-round pick (51st overall, Penguins selected Zachary Lauzon) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the St. Louis Blues for center Oskar Sundqvist and a first-round pick (31st overall, Blues selected Klim Kostin) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Brayden Schenn from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Jori Lehtera, a first-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 27th overall, Flyers selected Morgan Frost) in the 2017 NHL Draft and a conditional first-round pick in the 2018 (a 2019 pick if it is in the top 10) NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing T.J. Oshie to an eight-year contract.

Jun 22, 2017
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Trevor van Riemsdyk and a seventh-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Vegas Golden Knights for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 62nd overall, Golden Knights selected Jake Leschyshyn) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman David Schlemko from the Vegas Golden Knights for a fifth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired right wing Jordan Eberle from the Edmonton Oilers for right wing Ryan Strome.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Frederik Tiffels to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Chad Ruhwedel to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Christian Djoos to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 21, 2017
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired defenseman Shea Theodore from the Anaheim Ducks for future considerations (not selecting Sami Vatanen or Josh Manson in the NHL Expansion Draft); acquired right wing Alex Tuch from the Minnesota Wild for a third-round pick in the 2017 or 2018 NHL Draft and future considerations; acquired right wing Reilly Smith from the Florida Panthers for a fourth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft and future considerations; acquired a sixth-round pick (161st overall, Golden Knights selected Jiri Patera) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for future considerations (selecting Williams Carrier in the NHL Expansion Draft); acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 142nd overall, Golden Knights selected Jonathan Dugan) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for future considerations (not selecting Lee Stempniak, Joakim Nordstrom, Eddie Lack, or Cam Ward in the NHL Expansion Draft); acquired right wing David Clarkson, a first-round pick (later traded to Winnipeg) in the 2017 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for future considerations (believed to be not selecting Joonas Korpisalo or Josh Anderson in the NHL Expansion Draft); acquired center Mikhail Grabovski, defenseman Jake Bischoff, a first-round pick (15th overall, Golden Knights selected Erik Brannstrom) in the 2017 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft from the New York Islanders for future considerations (selecting Jean-Francois Berube in the NHL Expansion Draft); acquired a second-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for future considerations (selecting Marc-Andre Fleury in the NHL Expansion Draft); acquired left wing Nikita Gusev, a second-round pick (later traded to Columbus) in the 2017 NHL Draft and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations (selecting Jason Garrison in the NHL Expansion Draft); acquired a first-round pick (13th overall, Golden Knights selected Nick Suzuki) in the 2017 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Winnipeg Jets for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 24th overall, Jets selected Kristian Vesalainen) in the 2017 NHL Draft and future considerations (not selecting Toby Enstrom or Marko Dano in the NHL Expansion Draft); signed center Erik Haula to a three-year contract extension; signed defenseman Deryk Engelland to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 19, 2017
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Peter Budaj to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 17, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Nicolas Kerdiles to a one-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Nathan Beaulieu from the Montreal Canadiens for a third-round pick (68th overall, Canadiens selected Scott Walford) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Mike Smith from the Arizona Coyotes for goaltender Chad Johnson, defenseman Brandon Hickey and a second-/third-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Ludwig Bystrom to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Joonas Lyytinen to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Mirco Mueller and a fifth-round pick (143rd overall, Devils selected Marian Studenic) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 49th overall, Sharks selected Mario Ferraro) and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville, later traded to the NY Rangers) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Ryan Carpenter and defensemen Joakim Ryan and Tim Heed to two-year contract extensions.

Jun 16, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Bought out the contract of defenseman Simon Despres.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Jujhar Khaira to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Brendan Warren and a fifth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for center Nick Cousins and goaltender Merrick Madsen.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Filip Gustavsson to a three-year contract.

Jun 15, 2017
Colorado Avalanche: Bought out the contract of defenseman Francois Beauchemin.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Jonathan Drouin and a conditional sixth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Mikhail Sergachev and a conditional second-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft (if Sergachev plays less than 40 regular season or playoff games in 2017-18 picks are exchanged); signed Drouin to a six-year contract extension.

Jun 14, 2017
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Tommy Cross to a one-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of right wing Dan Cleary.
New York Rangers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Dan Girardi; signed left wing Matt Puempel to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Tyler Graovac from the Minnesota Wild for a fifth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.

Jun 13, 2017
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Linus Ullmark to a two-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Andrew Miller to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Yannick Weber to a one-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Marko Dano to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 9, 2017
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Zac Dalpe and goaltender Joonas Korpisalo to two-year contract extensions; signed defenseman Dean Kukan to a one-year contract extension; announced the retirement of center Ryan Craig.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Steve Bernier to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Shayne Gostisbehere to a six-year contract extension.

Jun 8, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Dillon Fournier.

Jun 7, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Jan Rutta to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Tyler Toffoli to a three-year contract extension.

Jun 6, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Sam Carrick to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 5, 2017
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Andreas Martinsen to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Troy Grosenick to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 1, 2017
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Henrik Haapala to a two-year contract; signed right wing Maxim Mamin to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Bokondji Imama to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Tomas Hyka to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Nathan Walker to a two-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Michael Spacek to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2017
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Jonas Johansson to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of goaltender Nathan Lieuwen.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Bokondji Imama from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.

May 30, 2017
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Anders Bjork to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Christian Jaros to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Oskar Lindblom to a three-year contract.

May 28, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Announced the retirement of left wing Craig Cunningham, named Cunningham professional scout.

May 27, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Michal Kempny to a one-year contract extension.

May 26, 2017
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Philip Holm to a one-year contract.

May 25, 2017
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Viktor Antipin to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Matiss Kivlenieks to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of center Steve Ott.

May 24, 2017
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Libor Sulak to a two-year contract.

May 23, 2017
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Kevin Stenlund to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Filip Sandberg to a two-year contract.

May 22, 2017
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Radim Simek to a one-year contract.

May 20, 2017
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Iiro Pakarinen to a one-year contract extension.

May 18, 2017
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing John Nyberg to a three-year contract.

May 17, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Josh Mahura to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Dylan Wells to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Andrew O'Brien to a one-year contract.

May 16, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Mario Kempe to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defensemen Calle Rosen and Andreas Borgman to two-year contracts.

May 15, 2017
Nashville Predators: Signed center Victor Ejdsell to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Taylor Raddysh to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Sami Niku to a three-year contract.

May 12, 2017
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Andrei Mironov to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Ben Bishop to a six-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Jesper Bratt to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Joonas Donskoi to a two-year contract extension; signed center Melker Karlsson to a three-year contract extension.

May 11, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Richard Panik to a two-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Linus Soderstrom to a three-year contract.

May 9, 2017
Dallas Stars: Acquired goaltender Ben Bishop from the Los Angeles Kings for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 118th overall, Kings selected Markus Phillips) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Tanner Pearson to a four-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Viktor Loov to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Dawson Leedahl to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Manuel Wiederer to a three-year contract.

May 8, 2017
Dallas Stars: Signed center Justin Dowling to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Emil Pettersson to a two-year contract.

May 5, 2017
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed goaltender Scott Darling to a four-year contract.

May 4, 2017
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Roope Hintz to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Vadim Shipachyov to a two-year contract.

May 3, 2017
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Oscar Fantenberg to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Andrey Pedan to a one-year contract.

May 2, 2017
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Matej Machovsky to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Nikita Zaitsev to a seven-year contract; re-signed center Ben Smith to a one-year contract.

May 1, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Cam Dineen to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing David Kampf to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Jakub Jeranek to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Neal Pionk to a two-year contract.

Apr 28, 2017
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired goaltender Scott Darling from the Chicago Blackhawks for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa; 90th overall, Blackhawks selected Evan Barratt) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Antoine Waked to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Carl Grundstrom to a three-year contract.

Apr 27, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Nathan Noel to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Mattias Janmark to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 26, 2017
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Devante Stephens to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Emil Pettersson.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Mikhail Vorobyov to a three-year contract.

Apr 24, 2017
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Dennis Seidenberg to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of defenseman Stephane Robidas.

Apr 22, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Jack Kopacka to a three-year contract.

Apr 21, 2017
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Klas Dahlbeck to a one-year contract extension; signed center Steven Lorentz to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Alexei Bereglazov to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Connor Bunnaman to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Boris Katchouck to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Jonathan Dahlen to a three-year contract.

Apr 20, 2017
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Christoffer Ehn to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Yaroslav Dyblenko to a two-year contract.

Apr 18, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Giovanni Fiore to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Alex Iafallo to a two-year contract.

Apr 15, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Hunter Miska to a three-year contract.

Apr 14, 2017
Nashville Predators: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Jonathan-Ismael Diaby.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Steven Kampfer to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 13, 2017
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Joona Koppanen to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Chaz Reddekopp to a three-year contract.

Apr 12, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Jens Looke to a three-year contract.

Apr 10, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Announced the retirements of defenseman Chris Pronger and right wing Craig Cunningham.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Charles McAvoy to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of center Cody McCormick.
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of left wing Bryan Bickell.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Shane Starrett and defenseman Ziyat Paigin to two-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of right wing Shawn Thornton.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Carson Soucy to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Tyler Moy to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of center Marc Savard.
New York Rangers: Signed center Gabriel Fontaine to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Beck Malenstyn to a three-year contract.

Apr 8, 2017
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Sean Malone to a two-year contract.

Apr 7, 2017
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman William Lagesson to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Jansen Harkins to a three-year contract.

Apr 6, 2017
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Nicholas Caamano to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Vladimir Sobotka to a three-year contract extension.

Apr 5, 2017
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Ryan Collins to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Dennis Cholowski to a three-year contract.

Apr 4, 2017
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Connor Ingram to a three-year contract.

Apr 3, 2017
Boston Bruins: Signed center Jakob Forsbacka Karlsson to a three-year contract.

Apr 2, 2017
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Colin White to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Jayson Megna to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 31, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Angus Redmond to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Warren Foegele and right wing Spencer Smallman to three-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of center Patrik Elias.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Mike Vecchione to a one-year contract.

Mar 30, 2017
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing C.J. Smith to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Marcus Hogberg to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Nick DeSimone to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Garrett Pilon to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Tucker Poolman to a one-year contract.

Mar 29, 2017
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Tyson Jost to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Justin Kloos to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Tanner Fritz to a two-year contract.

Mar 28, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Matt Iacopelli to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Joseph Gambardella to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Michael Kapla to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Jake Bischoff to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Vince Pedrie.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Jake Walman to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Griffen Molino to a two-year contract.

Mar 27, 2017
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Matt Roy to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Victor Mete to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center John Stevens to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Vinni Lettieri to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Jeff Taylor to a two-year contract.

Mar 26, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Clayton Keller to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Evan Fitzpatrick to a three-year contract.

Mar 25, 2017
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Josh Healey to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Brock Boeser to a three-year contract.

Mar 24, 2017
Boston Bruins: Signed center Ryan Fitzgerald to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Emil Johansson to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Dillon Dube to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Jeremiah Addison to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Noah Rod to a three-year contract.

Mar 23, 2017
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Janne Kuokkanen to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Tanner Kero to a two-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Luke Kunin to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Chris Nell to a two-year contract.

Mar 21, 2017
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Lukas Sedlak, left wing Markus Hannikainen and defenseman Scott Harrington to two-year contract extensions.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Mark Friedman to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Libor Hajek to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Jeremy Bracco to a three-year contract.

Mar 20, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: signed left wing Mitch Hults to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Tim Clifton to a two-year contract.

Mar 19, 2017
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Tyler Parsons to a three-year contract; signed left wing Ryan Lomberg to a two-year contract.

Mar 17, 2017
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Miro Aaltonen to a one-year contract.

Mar 16, 2017
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Callum Booth to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Sam Vigneault to a two-year contract.

Mar 15, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Luc Snuggerud to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Gavin Bayreuther to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Timothy Gettinger to a three-year contract.

Mar 14, 2017
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Zach Aston-Reese to a two-year contract.

Mar 13, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Anthony Luis to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jalen Chatfield to a three-year contract.

Mar 12, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center John Hayden to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Drew Shore to a one-year contract.

Mar 10, 2017
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Curtis McKenzie to a one-year contract extension; signed goaltender Landon Bow to a two-year contract.

Mar 9, 2017
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Simon Bourque to a three-year contract.

Mar 8, 2017
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Adam Cracknell to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Sean Day to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Greg Carey to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 7, 2017
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Nicolas Meloche and center J.C. Beaudin to three-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Tage Thompson to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Hampus Gustafsson to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Kristofers Bindulis to a three-year contract.

Mar 6, 2017
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Austin Wagner and defenseman Kale Clague to three-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Brandom Gormley from the Arizona Coyotes for future considerations.

Mar 4, 2017
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of center Olli Jokinen.

Mar 3, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Logan Shaw to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Chris Terry to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Zack MacEwen to a three-year contract.

Mar 2, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Matthew Highmre to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center German Rubtsov to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Mason Mitchell, and defensemen Colby Williams and Lucas Johansen to two-year contracts.

Mar 1, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Sam Carrick and left wing Spencer Abbott from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Kenton Helgeson and a seventh-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired right wing Joe Whitney from the Colorado Avalanche for right wing Brendan Ranford.
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Drew Stafford from the Winnipeg Jets for a conditional sixth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired right wing Curtis Lazar and defenseman Michael Kostka from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Jyrki Jokipakka and a second-round pick (47th overall, Senators selected Alex Formenton) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired right wing Sven Andrighetto from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Andreas Martinsen; acquired goaltender Joe Cannata from the Washington Capitals for defenseman Cody Corbett.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired left wing Lauri Korpikoski from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Dillon Heatherington; acquired defenseman Kyle Quincey from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Dalton Prout.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired right wing Justin Fontaine from the New York Rangers for left wing Taylor Beck; signed defenseman Ryan Mantha to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Thomas Vanek from the Detroit Red Wings for defenseman Dylan McIlrath and a conditional third-round pick (if Florida fails to qualify for the 2017 Stanley Cup playoffs; 71st overall, Red Wings selected Kasper Kotkansalo) in the 2017 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Reece Scarlett from the New Jersey Devils for right wing Shane Harper; acquired goaltender Adam Wilcox from the Tampa Bay Lightning for goaltender Mike McKenna.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired right wing Jarome Iginla from the Colorado Avalanche for a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Steve Ott from the Detroit Red Wings for a sixth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Dwight King from the Los Angeles Kings for a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing P.A. Parenteau from the New Jersey Devils for a sixth-round pick (later traded to San Jose) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Pierre-Edouard Bellemare to two-year contract extension; signed goaltender Michal Neuvirth to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Mark Streit from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a fourth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Frank Corrado from the Toronto Maple Leafs for center Eric Fehr, defenseman Steven Oleksy and a fourth-round pick (124th overall, Maple Leafs selected Vladislav Kara) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired right wing Jannik Hansen from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Nikolay Goldobin and a conditional fourth-round pick (a first-round pick if San Jose wins the Stanley Cup; later traded to Chicago) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Mark Streit from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Valtteri Filppula, a fourth-round pick (107th overall, Flyers selected Maxim Sushko) in the 2017 NHL Draft and a conditional seventh-round pick (if Tampa Bay trades Streit to another team; previously acquired from Los Angeles; 196th overall, Flyers selected Wyatt Kalynuk) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed left wing Joseph Cramarossa off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Reid Duke to a three-year contract.

Feb 28, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Johnny Oduya from the Dallas Starts for right wing Mark McNeill and a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft; signed right wing Jordin Tootoo and defenseman Michal Rozsival to one-year contract extensions.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Marc-Andre Bergeron to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center David Desharnais from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Brandon Davidson.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Mike Weber to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Brendan Smith from the Detroit Red Wings for a third-round pick (83rd overall, Red Wings selected Zachary Gallant) in the 2017 NHL Draft and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa) in the 2018 NHL Draft; acquired center Daniel Catenacci from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Mat Bodie.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Viktor Stalberg from the Carolina Hurricanes for a third-round pick (later traded to Chicago) in the 2017 NHL Draft.

Feb 27, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired left wing Teemu Pulkkinen from the Minnesota Wild for future considerations.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed center Zac Dalpe off waivers from the Minnesota Wild.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Nick Jensen to a two-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Jordie Benn from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Greg Pateryn and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Kevin Rooney to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Alexandre Burrows from the Vancouver Canucks for right wing Jonathan Dahlen; signed Burrows to a two-year contract extension; signed right wing Chris DiDomenico to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed center Greg McKegg off waivers from the Florida Panthers.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Brian Boyle from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Byron Froese and a conditional second-round pick (Tampa Bay receives the highest of the three second-round picks Toronto currently owns; 48th overall, Lightning selected Alexander Volkov) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk and goaltender Pheonix Copley from the St. Louis Blues for left wings Zach Sanford and Brad Malone, a first-round pick in the 2017 NHL Draft (later traded to Philadelphia), a conditional second-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft and a conditional seventh-round pick in the 20.. NHL Draft.

Feb 26, 2017
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired goaltender Ben Bishop and a fifth-round pick (138th overall, Kings selected Drake Rymsha) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for goaltender Peter Budaj, defenseman Erik Cernak, a conditional second-round pick (depending on Bishop meeting certain performance thresholds, condition not fulfilled) in the 2017 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired centers Martin Hanzal and Ryan White and a fourth-round pick (97th overall, Wild selected Maso Shaw) in the 2017 NHL from the Arizona Coyotes for right wing Grayson Downing, a first-round pick (23rd overall, Coyotes selected Pierre-Olivier Joseph) in the 2017 NHL Draft, a second-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft; signed center Ryan Carter to a one-year contract.

Feb 25, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired right wing Stefan Fournier from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Jeremy Morin.

Feb 24, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Patrick Eaves from the Dallas Stars for a conditional first-round pick (if Anaheim reaches the 2017 Western Conference Finals, later traded to Chicago) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Tomas Jurco from the Detroit Red Wings for a third-round pick (previously traded to and re-acquired from Carolina; 88th overall, Red Wings selected Keith Petruzzelli) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Patrik Berglund to a five-year contract extension.

Feb 23, 2017
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Jeff Glass to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Ron Hainsey from the Carolina Hurricanes for right wing Danny Kristo and a second-round pick (later traded to Vegas) in the 2017 NHL Draft.

Feb 22, 2017
New York Islanders: Signed center Connor Jones to a one-year contract.

Feb 21, 2017
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Keegan Lowe from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Philip Samuelsson.

Feb 20, 2017
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Michael Stone from the Arizona Coyotes for a third-round pick (later traded to Edmonton) in the 2017 NHL Draft and a conditional fifth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Fredrik Claesson to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 19, 2017
St. Louis Blues: Claimed right wing Ty Rattie off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.

Feb 18, 2017
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Viktor Loov from the Toronto Maple Leafs for center Sergey Kalinin.

Feb 16, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Announced the retirement of left wing Alex Tanguay.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Matt Bartkowski to a two-year contract.

Feb 15, 2017
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Tom Gilbert from the Los Angeles Kings for a conditional fifth-round pick in the 2017 NHL Draft.

Feb 8, 2017
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of right wing Martin Havlat.

Feb 6, 2017
Buffalo Sabres: Claimed center Derek Grant off waivers from the Nashville Predators; signed defenseman Justin Falk to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 4, 2017
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Vernon Fiddler from the New Jersey Devils for a fourth-round pick (later traded to the NY Rangers via San Jose) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed defenseman Alexey Marchenko off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.

Feb 2, 2017
Colorado Avalanche: Claimed defenseman Mark Barberio off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Alex Stalock to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 1, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired left wing Mitch Moroz from the Edmonton Oilers for right wing Henrik Samuelsson.
Dallas Stars: Acquired goaltender Justin Peters and defenseman Justin Hache from the Arizona Coyotes for right wings Branden Troock and Brendan Ranford.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Marc Hagel from the Minnesota Wild for future considerations.

Jan 30, 2017
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Thomas Greiss to a three-year contract extension.

Jan 26, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Ryan Faragher to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Nikita Nesterov from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Jonathan Racine and a sixth-round pick (180th overall, Lightning selected Cole Guttman) in the 2017 NHL Draft.

Jan 25, 2017
New Jersey Devils: Claimed right wing Stefan Noesen off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Jan 24, 2017
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Tommy Wingels from the San Jose Sharks for right wings Zack Stortini and Buddy Robinson and a seventh-round pick (later traded to New Jersey) in the 2017 NHL Draft.

Jan 23, 2017
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Zack Smith to a four-year contract extension.

Jan 21, 2017
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Cameron Schilling from the Chicago Blackhawks for center Michael Latta.

Jan 20, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Andrew O'Brien from the Nashville Predators for right wing Max Gortz.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed center Seth Griffith off waivers from the Florida Panthers.

Jan 17, 2017
Nashville Predators: Claimed defenseman Brad Hunt off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.

Jan 13, 2017
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Felix Girard from the Nashville Predators for left wing Cody McLeod.

Jan 11, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired goaltender Jhonas Enroth for a seventh-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Claimed center Derek Grant off waivers from the Buffalo Sabres.

Jan 10, 2017
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed goaltender Curtis McElhinney off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.

Jan 7, 2017
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Markus Eisenschmid to a two-year contract.

Jan 6, 2017
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Matt Irwin to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 5, 2017
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Dustin Tokarski to a one-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Claimed left wing Matt Nieto off waivers from the San Jose Sharks.

Jan 4, 2017
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed right wing Ty Rattie off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed left wing Reid Boucher off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.

Jan 2, 2017
Arizona Coyotes: Claimed center Alex Burmistrov off waivers from the Winnipeg Jets.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Al Montoya to a two-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Claimed left wing Reid Boucher off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

