Dec 30, 2005
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Radim Vrbata from the Carolina Hurricanes for a fourth-round pick (later traded to St. Louis; 96th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Darcy Verot to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed right wing Vladimir Orszagh off waivers from the Phoenix Coyotes.

Dec 28, 2005
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Stephen Peat from the Washington Capitals for left wing Colin Forbes; acquired center Krystofer Kolanos from the Phoenix Coyotes for right wing Pavel Brendl.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced that coach Wayne Gretzky is returning to the team after a leave of absence. Acquired center Eric Chouinard from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Kiel McLeod.

Dec 20, 2005
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Tommy Albelin.

Dec 19, 2005
New Jersey Devils: Announced the resignation of head coach Larry Robinson. Announced that president and general manager Lou Lamoriello will take over for Robinson on an interim basis.
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed center Krystofer Kolanos off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Justin Pogge to a three-year contract.

Dec 17, 2005
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced that head coach Wayne Gretzky has taken indefinite leave; named Rick Tocchet interim coach.

Dec 15, 2005
Pittsburgh Penguins: Fired head coach Ed Olczyk, assistant coaches Joe Mullen and Randy Hillier, goaltending coach Shane Clifford, and strength coach John Welday. Named Michel Therrien head coach, Mike Yeo assistant coach, Stephane Dube strength coach and Gilles Lefebvre goaltending consultant.

Dec 13, 2005
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Blake Evans from the St. Louis Blues for future considerations.

Dec 12, 2005
Dallas Stars: Acquired left wing Niklas Hagman from the Florida Panthers for a seventh-round pick (202nd overall, Panthers selected Sergei Gayduchenko) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Waived goaltender Patrick Lalime.

Dec 9, 2005
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Eric Boguniecki from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Steve Poapst.

Dec 8, 2005
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Francis Lemieux to a three-year contract.

Dec 5, 2005
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Matt Ellison and a third-round pick (later traded to Montreal; 66th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wings Patrick Sharp and Eric Meloche.

Dec 4, 2005
St. Louis Blues: Claimed defenseman Kevin Dallman off waivers from the Boston Bruins.

Dec 2, 2005
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Kristian Huselius from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Steve Montador and center Dutin Johner.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Maxime Ouellet from the Washington Capitals for a fifth-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers; 137th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 30, 2005
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of defenseman Jonathan Girard.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed centers Andy Hilbert and Mikhail Yakubov.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Joe Thornton from the Boston Bruins for left wing Marco Sturm, center Wayne Primeau and defenseman Brad Stuart.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed associate coach Craig Ramsay, assistant and goaltending coach Jeff Reese, video coach Nigel Kirwan and strength and conditioning coach Eric Lawson to three-year contract extensions.

Nov 29, 2005
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed defenseman Ron Hainsey off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.
New York Rangers: Claimed right wing Colton Orr off waivers from the Boston Bruins.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed left wing Simon Gamache off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Nov 28, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Ryan Shannon and goaltender Nathan Marsters to two-year contracts.

Nov 25, 2005
Los Angeles Kings: Claimed center Yanick Lehoux off waivers from the Phoenix Coyotes.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Pascal Rheaume and defensemen Ray Schultz and Steven Spencer from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Brad Ference.

Nov 21, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Claimed center Todd Marchant off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Joey Tenute to a multi-year contract.

Nov 20, 2005
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed center Yanick Lehoux off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Nov 19, 2005
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Alexei Semenov from the Edmonton Oilers for a fifth-round pick (133rd overall, Oilers selected Bryan Pitton) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 18, 2005
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman David Tanabe from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Dave Scatchard.

Nov 17, 2005
Columbus Blue Jackets: Waived center Todd Marchant.

Nov 15, 2005
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Sergei Fedorov and a fifth-round pick (142nd overall, Blue Jackets selected Maxim Frechette) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for center Tyler Wright and defenseman Francous Beauchemin.

Nov 14, 2005
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of left wing Ken Belanger.

Nov 11, 2005
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed center Krys Kolanos off waivers from the Phoenix Coyotes.

Nov 6, 2005
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Andy Hilbert from the Boston Bruins for a fifth-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders; 126th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing Nathan Perrott from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a sixth-round pick (180th overall, Maple Leafs selected Leo Komarov) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 5, 2005
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed center Yanick Lehoux off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Nov 3, 2005
Boston Bruins: Named Ray Bourque coaching consultant.

Oct 26, 2005
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jason Doig.

Oct 25, 2005
New York Rangers: Signed center Fedor Fedorov.

Oct 24, 2005
New Jersey Devils: Waived left wing Krzysztof Oliwa.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Rick Berry from the Phoenix Coyotes for future considerations.

Oct 18, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Claimed left wing Chris Kunitz off waivers from the Atlanta Thrashers.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Jamie Lundmark from the New York Rangers for center Jeff Taffe.

Oct 15, 2005
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the retirement of right wing Brett Hull.

Oct 13, 2005
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Nick Boynton to a one-year contract.

Oct 11, 2005
Buffalo Sabres: Signed coach Lindy Ruff to a one-year contract extension through the 2006-07 season.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Bryan Marchment, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.

Oct 9, 2005
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing Ilya Kovalchuk to a five-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Jason Woolley to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing Geoff Sanderson and right wing Tim Jackman from the Columbus Blue Jackets for left wing Jason Chimera, defenseman Cale Hulse and right wing Mike Rupp.

Oct 7, 2005
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Rob Schremp to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Jozef Balej and a conditional fifth-round pick (most likely dependant on games played, condition not fulfilled) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for center Fedor Fedorov.

Oct 5, 2005
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed left wing Chris Kunitz off waivers from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired goaltender Michael Leighton from Chicago for left wing Milan Bartovic.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Kevin Estrada to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed defenseman Andy Delmore off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Dan Cleary to a one-year contract; named Joe McDonnell director of amateur scouting.
Minnesota Wild: Claimed center Randy Robitaille off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
Washington Capitals: Claimed goaltender Brent Johnson off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.

Oct 4, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired defenseman Bruno St. Jacques from the Carolina Hurricanes for right wing Craig Adams.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of defenseman Curtis Leschyshyn; released center Jason Krog; waived center Brett McLean.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Gilbert Brule to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Released left wings Rem Murray and Dan LaCouture, and right wing Blake Sloan.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Yanic Perreault.
New York Rangers: Signed center Bruce Graham.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Andy Rogers to a three-year contract.

Sep 30, 2005
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the resignation of assistant coach James Patrick.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Mark Fistric to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Ken Belanger to a one-year contract; released defenseman Brad Norton.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Garth Murray from the New York Rangers for left wing Marcel Hossa.

Sep 29, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed goaltender Michael Wall to a three-year contract.

Sep 27, 2005
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Pavel Datsyuk to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Geordie Kinnear assistant coach of Albany of the AHL; announced the retirement of left wing Rob Skrlac.
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Jeff Friesen from the New Jersey Devils for a third-round pick (67th overall, Devils selected Kirill Tulupov) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.

Sep 26, 2005
Florida Panthers: Released right wing Joel Ward.

Sep 24, 2005
Carolina Hurricanes: Released right wing Jim Cummins.

Sep 22, 2005
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of right wing Adam Deadmarsh.

Sep 21, 2005
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Matt Cooke to a three-year contract.

Sep 19, 2005
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Adam Pineault.
Dallas Stars: Released center Rob Hisey.
Los Angeles Kings: Released left wing Shawn LeGault.

Sep 18, 2005
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed right wing Peter Bondra, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Mikael Samuelsson to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed centers Joe Cullen and Charlie Stephens to one-year contracts.

Sep 16, 2005
Boston Bruins: Re-signed goaltender Andrew Raycroft to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Jeff Glass to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Suspended left wing Keith Tkachuk for failing a physical.

Sep 15, 2005
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Wojtek Wolski to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Brian Savage, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.

Sep 14, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Brett Festerling; released defensemen Jonathan Daversa and Eric Lundberg, center Derek Edwardson, left wing Simon Ferguson, center Jonathan Lehun, and right wing Scott May.
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Tim Thomas.
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of center Ron Francis.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Ryan Smyth to a two-year contract.

Sep 13, 2005
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Mark Parrish to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Brooks Orpik.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Scott Young, who had been with the Dallas Stars.

Sep 12, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Aaron Gavey to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defensemen Mike Van Ryn and Jay Bouwmeester and center Olli Jokinen to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of right wing Trent Klatt; promoted Shawn Hunter to president of business operations; named Dave Taylor team president.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Michael Ryder to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of center Mark Messier.

Sep 10, 2005
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Brad Brown, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.

Sep 9, 2005
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Jay McKee to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed goaltender Mike Morrison to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Stephane Veilleux to a multi-year contract; signed defenseman Clayton Stoner.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Kris Beech from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Florida; 116th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Sidney Crosby to an multi-year contract; re-signed center Mario Lemieux.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of defenseman Al MacInnis and announced MacInnis will remain with the organization in a hockey operations and marketing capacity.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Mariusz Czerkawski, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Craig Darby from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations.

Sep 8, 2005
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Adam Hall.

Sep 7, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Ruslan Salei to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Colton Orr and left wing Pat Leahy to one-year contracts; signed left wing Jeremy Reich, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets to a one-year contract; signed center Tyler Redenbach to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Henrik Zetterberg to a four-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Jeff Paul to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Rick DiPietro to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Michal Rozsival, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins; re-signed right wing Craig Weller and right wing Jed Ortmeyer.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Todd Rohloff, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Alexei Ponikarovsky to a two-year contract.

Sep 6, 2005
Los Angeles Kings: Signed Anze Kopitar, their first-round pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Travis Brigley, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Patrick Rissmiller and left wing Ryan Clowe; signed right wing Jonathan Tremblay.

Sep 2, 2005
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed goaltender Mike Dunham, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed goalie Jose Theodore to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Lyle Odelein, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.

Sep 1, 2005
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wings Rob Collins and Kevin Colley to one-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Ryan Malone.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Brent Johnson, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes; re-signed left wing Jarkko Ruutu to a one-year contract.

Aug 31, 2005
Boston Bruins: Signed center Ben Walter to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Greg Claasen to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Jeff Schultz to a three-year contract.

Aug 30, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Geoff Peters and defenseman Kent Huskins to one-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Hal Gill to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Yan Stastny from the Boston Bruins for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston, later traded to San Jose; 98th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Robert Nilsson, their first round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Bryce Lampman and center Dominic Moore.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Mike Brown and defensemen Brett Skinner and Prestin Ryan.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Bryan Muir.

Aug 29, 2005
Atlanta Thrashers: Promoted Larry Simmons to vice president and assistant general manager; promoted Craig Brewer to trainer; named Stephen Roberts assistant athletic trainer.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Alexandre Picard and goaltender Tomas Popperle to three-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Niklas Kronwall to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Danny Syvret to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Chris Broadhurst athletic therapist.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Dick Tarnstrom to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Martin Erat.

Aug 26, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Jordan Smith to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Dan Focht, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
New York Islanders: Named Garrett Timms strength and conditioning coach.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Lance Ward, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, and right wing Jeff Hereema, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to one-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Zbynek Michalek from the Minnesota Wild for center Erik Westrum and defenseman Dustin Wood.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman T.J. Reynolds.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Jay Rosehill and goaltender Morgan Crey.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Mike Green to a three-year contract.

Aug 25, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Craig Adams, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Mark Popovic from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for right wing Kip Brennan.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Toni Lydman from the Calgary Flames for a third-round pick (87th overall, Flames selected John Armstrong) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Named Ulf Dahlen European professional scout.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Jimmy Howard to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Andrei Markov to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Named Jack Capuano assistant coach.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Martin Grenier, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, and center Alexandre Giroux.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Andrej Meszaros, their first-round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Dave Andreychuk to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Dave Steckel to a two-year contract; renewed its affiliation agreement with South Carolina of the ECHL for the 2005-06 season.

Aug 24, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Ladislav Smid; re-signed center Samuel Pahlsson to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Niklas Nordgren to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Jussi Jokinen to a two-year contract, left wing Loui Eriksson, goaltender Tobias Stephan and defenseman Nicklas Grossman to three-year contracts and defenseman Dan Jancevski to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Andreas Lilja, who had been with the Nashville Predators, and center Don MacLean, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to one-year contracts; re-signed center Matt Ellis to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Joey Mormina to a multi-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Peter Olvecky.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Justin Papineau to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Jim Willits senior director of sales; promoted Cindy Stutman to director of customer service, Maureen McGuckin to director of community relations and fan development, Rob Baer to fan development manager, Kevin Kurz to media manager, Jill Lipson to team publicist and Jessica Palmer to ticket sales coordinator.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Daniel Fernholm.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Tom Cavanagh; extended their affiliation agreement with the Fresno Falcons of the ECHL.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Martin St. Louis to a six-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center John Pohl from the St. Louis Blues for future considerations.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Mattias Ohlund to a four-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Chris Clark.

Aug 23, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired left wing Trevor Gillies and a fourth-round pick (later traded back to the New York Rangers; 108th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers in for center Steve Rucchin.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Jay Leach to a two-year contract and right wings Eric Nickulas, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, and Garret Stroshein, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Todd Simpson, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named Phil Myre goaltending coach-scout, Pierre Groulx video coach, Tom Watt scout, Austin Guhl coordinator of team services and Chris Moody assistant equipment manager.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Lauri Tukonen, their first-round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Pekka Rinne.
New York Islanders: Signed center Petteri Nokelainen to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Marian Hossa to a multi-year contract; acquired right wing Dany Heatley from the Atlanta Thrashers for Hossa and defenseman Greg de Vries; signed Heatley to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing Mike Leclerc from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for a fourth-round pick (93rd overall, Ducks selected Steven Kampfer) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center John Toffey and right wing Marek Kvapil to multi-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Josh Green, who had been with the New York Rangers.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Petr Sykora to a one-year contract.

Aug 22, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Teemu Selanne, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Cam Barker, their first-round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Mark Hartigan to a two-year contract; signed center Peter Sarno, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Mark Flood to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Serge Payer; reached a one-year affiliation agreement with the Florida Everblades of the ECHL.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Shawn Bates to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Jarkko Immonen.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Patrick Eaves, their first-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Eric Chouinard, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, goaltender Jamie Storr, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, right wing Pat Kavanagh, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, and left wing Ryan Ready to one-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Paul Mara to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Sven Butenschon, who had been with the New York Islanders; acquired defenseman Steve McCarthy from the Chicago Blackhawks for a third-round pick (86th overall, Blackhawks selected Josh Unice) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Aug 19, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Shane Hynes.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Jaroslav Balastik.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman John Erskine to a one-year contract and right wing Janos Vas to a three-year contract; announced that goaltender Dan Ellis accepted his one-year qualifying offer; announced assistant coach Andy Moog has been named goaltending consultant for Team Canada; re-signed left wing Brenden Morrow to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Valterri Filppula to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Shawn Horcoff to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Jean-Marc Pelletier, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Rickard Wallin to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Randy Robitaille, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Joel Bouchard, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Steve Martins, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, left wing Brett Clouthier, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, and defenseman Tomas Malec, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, to one-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Steve Passmore, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.

Aug 18, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed right wing Jonathan Hedstrom to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Josef Vasicek to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced that defenseman John-Michael Liles signed his one-year qualifying offer.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Rostislav Olesz, their first-round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Named Dan Bylsma assistant coach.
New York Rangers: Re-signed centers Jamie Lundmark and Garth Murray and left wing Chad Wiseman.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Michel Ouellet to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Jim Campbell, who had been with the New York Islanders, and left wing Norm Milley, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres; re-signed center Jason Jaspers and goaltender Brian Eklund.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Aubin, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Dan Cloutier to a multi-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center-right wing Dainius Zubrus to a two-year contract and defenseman Jean-Francois Fortin; signed right wing Matt Bradley, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Aug 17, 2005
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center Travis Green to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Curtis Leschyshyn, who had been with the Ottawa Senators.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Jozef Stumpel, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Shay Stephenson to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Masi Marjamaki to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Petr Prucha and defenseman Hannu Pikkarainen; signed goaltender Chris Holt.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Curtis Joseph, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman David Koci.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Anson Carter, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Chris Bourque to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Dwayne Zinger; signed defensemen Mark Wotton, who had been with the Dallas Stars.

Aug 16, 2005
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing J.P. Vigier and center Derek MacKenzie.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defensemen Glen Wesley and Chris Hajt to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltenders David Aebischer, Peter Budaj, Tom Lawson and Vitaly Kolesnik and defensemen Brett Clark; signed right wing Paul Healey, who had been with the Florida Panthers.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Andrew Murray.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Andy Delmore, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Darryl Bootland to a one-year contract; announced that center Jason Williams accepted his one-year qualifying offer.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Raffi Torres to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Dany Roussin to a multi-year entry level contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Kyle Wanvig to a one-year contract; signed right wing Joey Tetarenko, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Tomas Plekanec to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Johnathan Aitken, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Steve Sullivan to a four-year contract and defenseman Dan Hamhuis to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Alexander Mogilny, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Radek Martinek to a one-year contract and defenseman Brent Sopel to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Jozef Balej.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Konstantin Koltsov.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Vincent Lecavalier to a four-year contract.

Aug 15, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Mark Popovic to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Jim Slater, their first-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Jonathan Sigalet to a three-year contract; re-signed centers Brad Boyes and Nate Robinson, left wing Eric Healey, right wing Jason MacDonald, center/right wing Ben Guite and defenseman Kevin Dallman to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Jochen Hecht to a three-year contract; announced that centers Daniel Briere, Tim Connolly, Paul Gaustad, right wings Jean-Pierre Dumont, Maxim Afinogenov, Ales Kotalik, Milan Bartovic and Jason Pominville, left wing Michael Ryan and defensemen Jeff Jillson and Henrik Tallinder accepted their one-year qualifying offers.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltenders Curtis McElhinney and Brent Kahn, center Brandon Prust and left wings Lynn Loyns and Eric Nystrom, their first-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft; announced that right wing Chuck Kobasew and center Matthew Lombardi accepted their one-year qualifying offers.
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced that right wing Pavel Brendl and defenseman Bruno St. Jacques signed their one-year qualifying offers.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Dan Jansen skating coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced that defenseman Rostislav Klesla, goaltender Pascal Leclaire and right wing Tim Jackman signed their one-year qualifying offers; re-signed right wing Brandon Sugden to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Announced that center Jason Arnott signed his one-year qualifying offer; re-signed left wing Antti Miettinen to a two-year contract; signed left wing Garrett Burnett, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, and right wing Mike Siklenka to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Ales Hemsky to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Greene to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Juraj Kolnik and defenseman Filip Novak to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Martin Tuma to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defensemen Brad Fast, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, and Joe Corvo to one-year contracts; signed left wing Jeff Tambellini to a multi-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Daniel Tjarnqvist, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Saku Koivu and left wing Marcel Hossa to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Darcy Hordichuk and defenseman Greg Zanon to two-year contracts; re-signed center David Legwand and left wings Darren Haydar and Simon Gamache to one-year contracts.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Oleg Kvasha and right wing Arron Asham to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Tom Poti; signed defenseman Steven MacIntyre.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wings Chris Kelly and Brian McGrattan to one-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced that centers Krystofer Kolanos and Jeff Taffe accepted their one-year qualifying offers.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing John LeClair, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, and defenseman Steve Poapst, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks; re-signed defenseman Josef Melichar to a multi-year contract; announced that center Matt Hussey and left wings Guillaume Lefebvre and Matt Murley accepted their one-year qualifying offers.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Patrick Marleau, left wing Marco Sturm and defenseman Brad Stuart to multi-year contracts; re-signed goaltender Nolan Schaefer, left wing Josh Prudden, right wing Scott Parker, and defensemen Matt Carkner, Garrett Stafford and Doug Murray to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Jamal Mayers, left wing Peter Sejna and defenseman Brett Scheffelmaier; announced that defenseman Eric Brewer accepted his one-year qualifying offer.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Sami Salo to a two-year contract and defenseman Bryan Allen and right wing Jason King to one-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed centers Jeff Halpern, Brian Sutherby and Graham Mink, right wings Stephen Peat and Brian Willsie, defensemen Brandon Witt, Steve Eminger, Shaone Morrisonn and Nolan Yonkman and goaltender Maxime Ouellet.

Aug 14, 2005
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Roman Hamrlik, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a two-year contract.

Aug 13, 2005
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Trent Hunter and left wing Mike York to one-year contracts.

Aug 12, 2005
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing Stephen Baby, center Kevin Doell and goaltender Michael Garnett.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Jiri Slegr to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Announced that goaltenders Ryan Miller and Martin Biron and defenseman Brian Campbell signed their one-year qualifying offers.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff and defenseman Rhett Warrener to multi-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Erik Cole, right wing Jesse Boulerice and center Mike Zigomanis; signed left wing Gordie Dwyer, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens and center Colin Forbes, who had been with the Washington Capitals.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Jeff MacMillan, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing David Oliver to a one-year contract; announced that goaltender Mike Smith signed his one-year qualifying offer; signed center Yared Hagos to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Kent McDonell, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Florida Panthers: Announced that left wing Niklas Hagman signed his one-year qualifying offer; signed center Chris Gratton, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Valeri Bure, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Alexander Frolov to a five-year contract and left wing Jeff Giuliano and right wing George Parros to two-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Jan Bulis to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Frank Doyle, center David Clarkson and right wings Jason Ryznar and Barry Tallackson.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Allan Rourke, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Anton Volchenkov to a two-year contract and centers Jason Spezza and Antoine Vermette, right wing Chris Neil and defenseman Christoph Schubert to one-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Colby Armstrong.
St. Louis Blues: Announced that center Ryan Johnson and defenseman Trevor Byrne signed their one-year qualifying offers; re-signed defenseman Mike Stuart and right wings Mark Rycroft and Mike Glumac.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced that centers Nik Antropov and Clarke Wilm signed their one-year qualifying offers; signed right wings Roman Kukumberg and Mike Hoffman to one-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Bryan Muir from the Los Angeles Kings for future considerations; signed left wing Boyd Kane, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers; signed defenseman Jamie Heward; re-signed left wings Matt Pettinger and Louis Robitaille.

Aug 11, 2005
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed goaltender Pasi Nurminen, left wing Brad Larsen, right wing Francis Lessard and defensemen Andy Sutton and Tomas Kloucek.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center Joe Thornton to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Announced that center Steve Reinprecht signed his one-year qualifying offer; signed left wings Craig MacDonald, David Moss and Cam Severson, right wing Brannt Myhres and defenseman Zenith Komarniski.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center Tyler Arnason to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced that defenseman Jeff Finger and right wings Dan Hinote and Marek Svatos signed their one-year qualifying offers.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Ben Simon, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Announced that centers Niko Kapanen and Steve Ott have accepted their one-year qualifying offers.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Kent Hawley scout.
Florida Panthers: Announced that center Stephen Weiss and left wing Kristian Huselius signed their one-year qualifying offers.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Richard Petiot, goaltender Yutaka Fukufuji and left wing Noah Clarke to two-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Mike Ribeiro and defenseman Mike Komisarek to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Jaroslav Halak to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Brad Lukowich, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Blair Betts.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Ray Emery to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Trenton of the ECHL for two years.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced that defenseman Derek Morris signed his one-year qualifying offer.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Shane Endicott to a multi-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Kyle McLaren to a three-year contract extension; re-signed right wing Niko Dimitrakos to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Eric Lindros, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Tyler Bouck to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Jakub Cutta and center Jared Aulin.

Aug 10, 2005
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Jordan Sigalet to a one-year contract; announced that left wings Sergei Samsonov and Per-Johan Axelsson and defenseman Jonathan Girard signed their one-year qualifying offers.
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of goaltender Roman Turek; re-signed defenseman Andrew Ference.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wings Justin Williams and Radim Vrbata to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center Mark Bell to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Jan Hrdina, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced that left wing Tomas Kopecky signed his one-year qualifying offer.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wings Brad Winchester and Jani Rita to two-year contracts and center Jarret Stoll to a one-year contract; signed a one-year affiliation agreement with the Iowa Stars of the AHL.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Marty Wilford, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract and center Michael Cammalleri and goaltender Adam Hauser to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Andrei Zyuzin to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wings Scott Hartnell and Jeremy Yablonski.
New York Islanders: Signed center Wyatt Smith, who had been with the Nashville Predators.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Joe Rullier, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Mike Fisher to a three-year contract and right wing Martin Havlat to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed goaltender Robert Esche to a two-year contract; announced that defenseman Dennis Seidenberg signed his one-year qualifying offer.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired goaltender Jocelyn Thibault from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick (95th overall, Blackhawks selected Ben Shutron) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft and signed Thibault to a multi-year contract; announced that center Kris Beech signed his one-year qualifying offer; signed goaltender Dany Sabourin.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Wayne Primeau and defenseman Tom Preissing to two-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Alexander Khavanov, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman/right wing Wade Belak to a two-year contract; announced that defenseman Aki Berg signed his one-year qualifying offer.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Daniel Sedin and center Henrik Sedin to one-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Signed defensemen Mathieu Biron, who had been with the Florida Panthers, and Ivan Majesky, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers.

Aug 9, 2005
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Shane Hnidy and right wings Brian Maloney and Adam Smyth.
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Philippe Sauve from the Colorado Avalanche for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Kevyn Adams to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced that defenseman Karlis Skrastins accepted his qualifying offer.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Marty Reasoner and defenseman Dan Smith to one-year contracts; named Geoff Ward development coach.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Todd White to a multi-year contract; re-signed defenseman Willie Mitchell and left wing Pierre-Marc Bouchard to one-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced that left wing Simon Gagne, defenseman Kim Johnsson, right wing Branko Radivojevic and center Patrick Sharp accepted their qualifying offers.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Rob Scuderi.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing Nils Ekman to a two-year contract; resigned center Wayne Primeau.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Dean McAmmond, who had been with the Calgary Flames; re-signed defenseman Bryce Salvador; announced that right wing Eric Boguniecki and left wing Colin Hemingway accepted their qualifying offers.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Dan Boyle to a three-year contract and left wing Dmitry Afanasenkov to a one-year contract; signed right wing Rob DiMaio, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Sean Burke, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Staffan Kronwall and center Alexander Steen to multi-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Richard Park, who had been with the Minnesota Wild.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Andrew Cassels, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, and defenseman Lawrence Nycholat, who had been with the New York Rangers.

Aug 8, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Jason Marshall, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wings Eric Boulton, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres; Ramzi Abid, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins; and center Scott Barney, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed assistant coaches Wayne Cashman and Norm MacIver and goaltending consultant Bob Essensa to two-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Mike Grier to a one-year qualifying offer.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Matt Cullen to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Rick Nash to a five-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Chris Osgood, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Eric Belanger to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Miroslav Kopriva.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Pierre Dagenais to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Wayne Gretzky coach and signed him to a multi-year contract; named Rick Bowness, Barry Smith and Rick Tocchet associate coaches.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Ziggy Palffy, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a multi-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defensemen Rob Davison and Jim Fahey.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Miroslav Zalesak, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, and left wing Ben Clymer, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Aug 6, 2005
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Ray Whitney, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract. Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Milan Hejduk to a five-year contract; signed left wing Andrew Brunette, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Stephane Robidas, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Scott Nichol, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Zigmund Palffy, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a three-year contract.

Aug 5, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Scott Niedermayer, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a four-year contract; re-signed center Rob Niedermayer to a four-year contract.
Atlanta Sabres: Signed left wing Eric Boulton, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Taylor Pyatt to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defensemen Steve Marr and Brett Palin, right wing Derek Couture and center Warren Peters.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Nikolai Khabibulin, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a four-year contract; signed center Jim Dowd, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Brad May, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Announced right wing Junior Lessard signed his one-year qualifying offer; signed defenseman Mario Scalzo to a three-year contract and goaltender Johan Hedberg, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed goaltender Jussi Markkanen to a two-year contract and defenseman Igor Ulanov to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Paul Kariya, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Brad Ference to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Nolan Pratt to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Brandon Elliott to a three-year contract, defenseman Brady Greco to a two-year contract and left wing Mitch Fritz and defenseman Timo Helbling to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed right wing Tie Domi to a two-year contract; signed center Jason Allison, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Brendan Morrison to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Alexander Ovechkin, their first-round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Aug 4, 2005
Boston Bruins: Signed center Alexei Zhamnov, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Teppo Numminen, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Daymond Langkow, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed centers Keith Aucoin and David Gove to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Oleg Tverdovsky to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Jaroslav Spacek, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract and right wing Martin Lapointe, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced that left wing Alex Tanguay and defenseman Kurt Sauer signed their qualifying offers for the 2005-06 season.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Martin Prusek, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Chris Chelios to a one-year contract and defenseman Mathieu Schneider to a two-year contract; signed center Johan Franzen to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named Andrew O'Brien strength and conditioning coach and Robert McLean equipment manager.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Jeremy Roenick and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 86th overall, Kings selected Bud Holloway) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for future considerations.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defensemen Scott Ferguson, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, and Kurtis Foster, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Sheldon Brookbank, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, to a one year contract; re-signed defenseman Mark Eaton.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Brian Rafalski to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Vladimir Malakhov, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, and Dan McGillis, who had been with the Boston Bruins to two-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Ville Nieminen, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Jason Ward, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Andre Roy, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Chris Clark and a seventh-round pick (199th overall, Capitals selected Andrew Glass) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for a seventh-round pick (187th overall, Flames selected Devin Didiomete) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (later traded to Colorado; 155th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Aug 3, 2005
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Brian Leetch, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed right wing Jarome Iginla to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Pierre Turgeon, who had been with the Dallas Stars, and defenseman Patrice Brisebois, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to two-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Bryan Berard, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Mike Modano to a five-year contract; signed defenseman Martin Skoula, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Patrick Traverse to a one-year contract; signed right wing Mathias Tjarnqvist to a one-year contract and right wing Vojtech Polak to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Chris Pronger to a five-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Greg Jacina to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Manny Fernandez and center Marc Chouinard to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Alexei Kovalev to a four-year contract; signed defenseman/right wing Mathieu Dandenault, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a four-year contract.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Brent Sopel from the Vancouver Canucks for a second-round pick (later traded to Anaheim; 38th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Mike York and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Colorado; 110th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for center Michael Peca; signed left wing Miroslav Satan, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Thomas Pock; signed left wing Martin Rucinsky, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Peter Forsberg, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Matt Jones to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Sergei Gonchar, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a five-year contract; signed defensemen Ryan Lannon and Noah Welch.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Markus Naslund to a three-year contract.

Aug 2, 2005
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Glen Murray to a four-year contract; signed right wing Shawn McEachern, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a two-year contract; signed center Dave Scatchard, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a four-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wings Tony Amonte, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, and Darren McCarty, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings to two-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Adrian Aucoin, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a four-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Steve Yzerman to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Cory Stillman, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Pavol Demitra, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a three-year contract and goaltender Jason Labarbera, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract; named Mike Kalinowski manager of communications, Ben Peirce manager of game entertainment and Stephanie Krauss communications and broadcasting assistant; promoted Lee Callans to hockey operations administrator.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Francis Bouillon to a one-year contract; signed left wing Peter Vandermeer, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Alexei Zhitnik, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a four-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed goaltender Kevin Weekes; signed center Martin Straka, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Marek Malik, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Denis Hamel to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defensemen Derian Hatcher, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a four-year contract, defenseman Mike Rathje, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a five-year contract, defenseman Chris Therien, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract and left wing Jon Sim, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defensemen Eric Brewer, Jeff Woywitka and Doug Lynch from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Chris Pronger; signed center Trent Whitfield, who had been with the Washington Capitals, left wing Jeff Hoggan and center Ryan Ramsay.
Vancouver Canucks: Named T.C. Carling manager of media and player relations.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Brian Boucher to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Martin Gelinas, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Joel Kwiatkowski and left wing Greg Jacina to two-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Danny Markov from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles; 86th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Bobby Holik, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Adam Foote, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Roman Voloshenko.

Aug 1, 2005
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Brad Isbister from the Edmonton Oilers for a fourth-round pick (later traded back to Boston; 98th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Francois Beauchemin.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Joe Nieuwendyk and left wing Gary Roberts, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to two-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Tom Kostopoulos, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Andrei Nazarov, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes.
New York Rangers: Promoted Gordie Clarke to amateur scout.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Aaron Downey, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks.

Jul 31, 2005
Boston Bruins: Extended qualifying offers to centers Sergei Zinovjev, Andy Hilbert, Brad Boyes and Joe Thornton, left wings Martin Samuelsson, Per-Johan Axelsson, Ivan Huml and Sergei Samsonov, defensemen Zdenek Kutlak, Nick Boynton, Kevin Dallman, Hal Gill, Jonathan Girard and Colton Orr and goaltender Andrew Raycroft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Extended qualifying offers to goaltenders Jocelyn Thibault, Michael Leighton and Craig Andersson and centers Mark Bell, Tyler Arnason and Scott Nichol. Defensemen Bryan Berard and Stephane Robidas were not qualified, making them unrestricted free agents.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Sergei Zubov to a three-year contract; extended qualifying offers to defensemen John Erskine and Dan Jancevski, centers Jason Arnott, Niko Kapanen and Antti Miettinen, goaltenders Dan Ellis and Mike Smith, left wings Steve Ott and Brenden Morrow and right wing Junior Lessard.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Jamie Allison and goaltender Brian Finley; extended qualifying offers to left wings Simon Gamache, Scott Hartnell and Darcy Hordichuk, right wings Darren Haydar, Steve Sullivan and Jeremy Yablonski, defensemen Dan Hamhuis, Andrei Mukhachev and Greg Zanon and center David Legwand.

Jul 30, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired left wing Travis Moen from the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for right wing Michael Holmqvist; acquired a fifth-round pick (141st overall, Mighty Ducks selected Brian Salcido) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for a sixth-round pick (193rd, Sharks selected Tony Lucia) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft and a seventh-round pick (202nd overall, Sharks selected John McCarthy) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Shane Hnidy from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick (105th overall, Predators selected Niko Snellman) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Mark Stuart to a three-year contract. Signed defenseman Andrew Alberts to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired the rights to left wing Tim Kennedy from the Washington Capitals for a sixth-round pick (177th overall, Capitals selected Mathieu Perreault) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired a third-round pick (74th overall, Flames selected Dan Ryder) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for third- and fourth-round picks (87th and 96th overall, Sabres selected Marc-Andre Gragnani and Chris Butler) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fifth-round pick (128th overall, Flames selected Kevin Lalande) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for past considerations.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 101st overall, Blue Jackets selected Jared Boll) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Derrick Walser and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Toronto via Chicago; 99th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a first-round pick (20th overall, Panthers selected Kenndal McArdle) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a first-round pick (25th overall, Flyers selected Steve Downie) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to Detroit via Phoenix; 41st overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Todd White from the Ottawa Senators for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 95th overall, Senators selected Cody Bass) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a second-round pick (45th overall, Canadiens selected Guillaume Latendresse) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for second- and third-round picks (56th and 66th overall, Rangers selected Marc-Andre Cliche and Brodie Dupont) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 12th overall, Rangers selected Marc Staal) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for first- and second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Philadelphia; 16th and 41st overall, Thrashers selected Alex Bourret and Ondrej Pavelec) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a second-round pick (later traded to Detroit via Phoenix; 47th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a third- (previously acquired from Dallas; 89th overall, Lightning selected Chris Lawrence) and fourth-round picks (102nd overall, Lightning selected Blair Jones) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 59th overall, Coyotes selected Pier-Olivier Pelletier) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a second-round pick (39th overall, Flyers selected Andreas Nodl) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 119th overall, Flyers selected Jeremy Duchesne) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a first-round pick (8th overall, Sharks selected Devin Setoguchi) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for first- (later traded to the New York Rangers; 12th overall), second- and seventh-round picks (49th and 207th overall, Thrashers selected Chad Denny and Myles Stoesz) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired a third-round pick (73rd overall, Lightning selected Radek Smolenak) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for a fifth-round pick (162nd overall, Sharks selected Paul Fenton) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders; 108th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a sixth-round pick (165th overall, Lightning selected Kevin Beech) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for a fifth-round pick (138th overall, Stars selected David McIntyre) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. Re-signed left wing Ruslan Fedotenko to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Jeff O'Neill from the Carolina Hurricanes for a fourth-round pick (later traded to St. Louis; 106th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a first-round pick (27th overall, Capitals selected Joe Finley) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for two second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Ottawa; 47th and 52nd overall, Avalanche selected Tom Fritsche and Chris Durand) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 29, 2005
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Sandis Ozolinsh to a two-year contract. Acquired left wing Todd Fedoruk from the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for a second-round pick (later traded to Phoenix; 59th overall) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Announced that defenseman Dmitri Kalinin exercised his contract option. Announced that the team exercised the contract option on defenseman Rory Fitzpatrick.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Mike Commodore from the Calgary Flames for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Atlanta; 69th overall, Flames selected Gord Baldwin) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Andrew Hutchinson from the Nashville Predators for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 78th overall, Predators selected Teemu Laakso) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Bought out defenseman Scott Lachance. Waived center Andrew Cassels for the purpose of buying out his contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Ryan Flinn.
Minnesota Wild: Bought out left wing Matt Johnson. Re-signed right wing Alexandre Daigle.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Garth Snow to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers. Bought out the contract of center Bobby Holik. Signed goaltender Henrik Lundqvist and center Hugh Jessiman.
Phoenix Coyotes: Bought out the contract of left wing Brian Savage.

Jul 28, 2005
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Clarke MacArthur to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defensemen Brent Seabrook.
Colorado Avalanche: Waived center Chris Gratton.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Duvie Westcott and right wing Joe Motzko to two-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Shawn Belle and right wing B.J. Crombeen to three-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced that right wing Brendan Shanahan exercised his one-year contract option.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Marc-Antoine Pouliot, their first-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Mathieu Biron.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Patrick O'Sullivan.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Greg Johnson.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Ryan Stone.
St. Louis Blues: Exercised the one-year contract options for goaltender Patrick Lalime, and defensemen Andy Roach and Matt Walker.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Steve Bernier, their first-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Tim Taylor and defenseman Martin Cibak.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Eric Fehr, their first-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Jul 27, 2005
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Jim Sharrow and right wing Guillaume Desbiens.
Dallas Stars: Waived center Pierre Turgeon. Exercised the one-year contract option on left wing Jaroslav Svoboda; signed left wing Francis Wathier to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Darcy Hordichuk from the Florida Panthers for a fourth-round pick (104th overall, Panthers selected Matt Duffy) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Al Montoya, their first-round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Exercised the one-year contract option on goaltender Dominik Hasek.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed centers Jeff Carter and Mike Richards, left wing Triston Grant and defenseman Alexandre Picard to three-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Daniel Carcillo, center Stephen Dixon, right wing Jonathan Filewich and defenseman Paul Bissonnette.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Gerald Coleman to a three-year contract.

Jul 26, 2005
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Rick Kozak.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed head coach John Tortorella to a three-year contract extension and general manager Jay Feaster to a four-year contract extension.

Jul 25, 2005
Detroit Red Wings: Waived defenseman Derian Hatcher, right wing Darren McCarty and center Ray Whitney.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Luc Robitaille to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Declined to exercise the club options on defenseman Patrice Brisebois and right wing Gavin Morgan for the 2005-06 season.

Jul 23, 2005
Philadelphia Flyers: Waived left wing John LeClair and right wing Tony Amonte.

Jul 22, 2005
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Marshall Johnston director of professional scouting; re-signed professional scouts Claude Larose and Ron Smith to multi-year contracts.

Jul 20, 2005
Edmonton Oilers: Announced an affiliation agreement with Hamilton of the AHL for the 2005-06 season.

Jul 19, 2005
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Greg Stefan goaltending coach and professional scout.
New York Rangers: Named Adam Graves prospect development and community relations special assistant.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Tom Kurvers director of player personnel.

Jul 18, 2005
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed director of amateur scouting Sheldon Ferguson and amateur scouts Martin Madden, Tony MacDonald and Bert Marshall to multi-year contracts; named Mike Amendola alternate governor.
Washington Capitals: Named Dean Evason assistant coach.

Jul 14, 2005
Detroit Red Wings: Named Mike Babcock head coach.
Dallas Stars: Named John Weisbrod pro scout and Shane Churla amateur scout.
New Jersey Devils: Named Larry Robinson head coach.

Jul 8, 2005
Detroit Red Wings: Fired head coach Dave Lewis.

Jul 7, 2005
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Trent Yawney head coach.

Jun 30, 2005
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed a multi-year affiliation agreement with San Antonio of the AHL.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Larry Hoepfner senior vice president of business operations.

Jun 29, 2005
Dallas Stars: Reached an affiliation agreement with Idaho of the ECHL.
Ottawa Senators: Signed general manager John Muckler to a three-year contract extension; named Scott Allegrino equipment manager and Andy Playter assistant athletic therapist.
Nashville Predators: Named Steve Violetta executive vice president of business affairs.

Jun 28, 2005
Dallas Stars: Signed head coach Dave Tippett to a two-year contract extension through the 2006-07 season and assistant coaches Rick Wilson, Mark Lamb and Andy Moog to one-year extensions through the 2005-06 season.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed head coach Pat Quinn to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 27, 2005
Nashville Predators: Signed head coach Barry Trotz, associate coach Brent Peterson, assistant coach Peter Horachek, goaltending coach Mitch Korn, video coach Robert Bouchard and strength and conditioning coach David Good to contract extensions.

Jun 22, 2005
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed head coach Mike Kitchen for the 2005-06 season; named Curt Fraser assistant coach.

Jun 21, 2005
Chicago Blackhawks: Promoted Dale Tallon to general manager; fired head coach Brian Sutter.

Jun 14, 2005
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed Michel Therrien as coach of Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the AHL.

Jun 3, 2005
St. Louis Blues: Named Jarmo Kekalainen assistant general manager.

--------


Jan 10, 2005
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Janne Niinimaa and a fifth-round pick (136th overall, Stars selected Ondrej Roman) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for defenseman John Erskine and a second-round pick (60th overall, Islanders selected Jesse Joensuu) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.