Dec 31, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Emile Poirier to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Kerby Rychel to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Dion Phaneuf to a seven-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Ryan Olsen to a three-year contract.

Dec 30, 2013
Calgary Flames: Acquired right wing Kevin Westgarth from the Carolina Hurricanes for center Greg Nemisz.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Nic Petan to a three-year contract.

Dec 28, 2013
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Mitchell Moroz to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Dane Fox.

Dec 26, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Oliver Bjorkstrand to a three-year contract.

Dec 25, 2013
Vancouver Canucks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Adam Polasek.

Dec 20, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Daniel Altshuller to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Pavel Kubina.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Jeff Zatkoff to a two-year contract extension.

Dec 19, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired right wing Linus Omark from the Edmonton Oilers for a conditional sixth-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Keegan Kanzig to a three-year contract.

Dec 18, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Trevor Carrick to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Alexander Steen to a three-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Jean-Philippe Cote to a two-year contract.

Dec 17, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Morgan Klimchuk to a three-year contract.

Dec 14, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired goaltender Jason LaBarbera from the Edmonton Oilers for future considerations.

Dec 13, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of right wing Jamal Mayers.

Dec 12, 2013
Calgary Flames: Fired general manager Jay Feaster and assistant general manager John Weisbrod.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Chris VandeVelde to a one-year contract.

Dec 10, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Extended their affiliation agreement with Springfield of the AHL through the 2014-15 season.

Dec 7, 2013
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of left wing Jay Pandolfo.

Dec 6, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Brandon Mashinter from the New York Rangers for left wing Kyle Beach.

Dec 4, 2013
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Henrik Lundqvist to a seven-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Cole Cassels.

Dec 3, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Jack Nevins to a three-year contract.

Nov 30, 2013
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Gilbert Brule to a one-year contract.

Nov 28, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Nick Bonino to a three-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed right wing Corey Tropp off waivers from the Buffalo Sabres.

Nov 27, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Claimed right wing Matt D'Agostini off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins; named Kevin Prendergast scout.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Jonathan Ericsson to a six-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Frederik Gauthier, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Nov 22, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Tim Jackman from the Calgary Flames for a sixth-round pick (175th overall, Flames selected Adam Ollas Mattsson) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Lane MacDermid from the Dallas Stars for a sixth-round pick (154th overall, Stars selected Aaron Hayden) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Connor Brown to a three-year contract.

Nov 21, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Named Steve Tambellini part-time professional scout.
New Jersey Devils: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Rostislav Olesz.

Nov 19, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced the retirement of defenseman Adrian Aucoin.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Matt Finn to a three-year contract.

Nov 18, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Ryan Hartman, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft to a three-year contract.

Nov 17, 2013
Dallas Stars: Claimed center Dustin Jeffrey off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Nov 16, 2013
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Peter Holland and right wing Brad Staubitz from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Jesse Blacker, a conditional third-round pick (a second-round pick if Holland plays more than 25 games; 38th overall, Ducks selected Marcus Pettersson) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 205th overall, Ducks selected Ondrej Kase) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 15, 2013
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Eddie Lack to a two-year contract.

Nov 14, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Kris Versteeg and left wing Phillipe Lefebvre from the Florida Panthers for right wing Jimmy Hayes and defenseman Dylan Olsen.

Nov 13, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Fired head coach Ron Rolston and general manager Darcy Regier; named Ted Nolan interim head coach and Pat LaFontaine director of hockey operations.

Nov 12, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Andrew Shaw to a two-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Carlo Colaiacovo to a one-year contract.

Nov 11, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center David Steckel to a one-year contract.

Nov 9, 2013
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Fired head coach Kevin Dineen and assistant coaches Gord Murphy and Craig Ramsay; named Peter Horachek interim head coach and Brian Skrudland and John Madden interim assistant coaches.

Nov 8, 2013
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Ladislav Smid and goaltender Olivier Roy from the Edmonton Oilers for goaltender Laurent Brossoit and center Roman Horak.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Jason Chimera to a two-year contract extension.

Nov 7, 2013
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Pierre-Luc Letourneau-Leblond to a two-year contract.

Nov 6, 2013
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Jerred Smithson to a one-year contract.

Nov 5, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Josh Anderson to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of center Jason Arnott.

Nov 4, 2013
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Tyler Gaudet to a three-year contract.

Nov 2, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Named Randy Cunneyworth professional scout.
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed defenseman Keaton Ellerby off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Nov 1, 2013
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Daniel Sedin and center Henrik Sedin to four-year contracts.

Oct 31, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Manny Malhotra to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Alexei Emelin to a four-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Steve Downie from the Colorado Avalanche for center Max Talbot.

Oct 29, 2013
Vancouver Canucks: Named Ryan Johnson player development consultant.

Oct 27, 2013
New York Islanders: Acquired right wing Thomas Vanek from the Buffalo Sabres for left wing Matt Moulson, and first- (later traded to Ottawa) and second-round (51st overall, Sabres selected Brendan Guhle) picks in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 25, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Frederik Andersen to a two-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Brad Mills to a one-year contract.

Oct 23, 2013
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Radek Martinek to a one-year contract.

Oct 21, 2013
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Mike Brown from the Edmonton Oilers for a fourth-round pick (111th overall, Oilers selected Zachary Nagelvoort) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 20, 2013
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Roman Hamrlik and goaltender Martin Biron.

Oct 19, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Viktor Svedberg to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Matia Marcantuoni to a three-year contract.

Oct 18, 2013
New Jersey Devils: Announced an affiliation agreement with Elmira of the UHL.

Oct 17, 2013
St. Louis Blues: Announced an affiliation agreement with St. Charles of the CHL.

Oct 15, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Steve Montador.

Oct 12, 2013
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Antony Mantha to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Jeff Halpern to a one-year contract.

Oct 10, 2013
Vancouver Canucks: Named Stan Smyl director of player development.

Oct 7, 2013
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Scott Sabourin to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Fired head coach Peter Laviolette; named Craig Berube head coach.

Oct 3, 2013
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Dennis Seidenberg to a four-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Jason Pominville to a five-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Claimed defenseman Alexander Urbom off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.

Oct 2, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Radek Dvorak to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Chuck Kobasew to a one-year contract.

Oct 1, 2013
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Hal Gill to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Phil Kessel to an eight-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed right wing Axel Blomqvist to a three-year contract.

Sep 30, 2013
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Ryan Whitney to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Simon Moser to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed defenseman Ryan Stanton off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.

Sep 29, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Mathieu Perreault from the Washington Capitals for center John Mitchell and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Dallas via Anaheim) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed left wing Luke Gazdic off waivers from the Dallas Stars.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Jannik Hansen to a four-year contract extension.

Sep 28, 2013
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Joe Colborne from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if Colborne plays in least 35 games or scores at least 10 points; later traded to St. Louis) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Kellan Tochkin and a fourth-round pick (96th overall, Hurricanes selected Josh Wesley) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for centers Zac Dalpe and Jeremy Welsh.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Jake Paterson to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Brad Boyes, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Tom Gilbert, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Scott Timmins and a sixth-round pick (152nd overall, Devils selected Joey Dudek) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for right wing Krys Barch and a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis; 206th overall, Panthers selected Ryan Bednard) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Ryan Pulock, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Sep 26, 2013
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Tim Thomas to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Derek Stepan to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Cody Franson to a one-year contract.

Sep 25, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Nikita Zadorov to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of left wing Eric Belanger.

Sep 24, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Shea Theodore, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Damien Brunner to a multi-year contract.

Sep 23, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Kyle Cumiskey.
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed defenseman Steve MacIntyre off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Brenden Morrow, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Mason Raymond, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Connor Carrick to a three-year contract.

Sep 22, 2013
Colorado Avalanche: Claimed center Marc-Andre Cliche off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Mirco Mueller to a three-year contract.

Sep 20, 2013
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Matt Read to a four-year contract extension.

Sep 19, 2013
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Ryan Nugent-Hopkins to a seven-year contract extension.

Sep 17, 2013
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Chris Bigras to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Curtis Lazar, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Samuel Morin to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Jean-Sebastien Dea to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Joel Vermin to a three-year contract.

Sep 16, 2013
Calgary Flames: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Ryan Howse.

Sep 14, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Zacgary Fucale, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Jared Cowen to a four-year contract.

Sep 13, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Jared Boll to a three-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Alex Pietrangelo to a seven-year contract.

Sep 12, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Ron Hainsey to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Dan Cleary to a one-year contract.

Sep 11, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Cody Hodgson to a six-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed general manager Stan Bowman to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Nick Petrecki to a one-year contract.

Sep 10, 2013
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed goaltender Martin Jones to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Sergei Brylin assistant coach at Albany of the AHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Nazem Kadri to a two-year contract.

Sep 9, 2013
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Colin Greening to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Taylor Leier.

Sep 8, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Released assistant general manager Jason Karmanos.

Sep 7, 2013
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Mikkel Boedker to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Marcus Johansson to a two-year contract.

Sep 5, 2013
Calgary Flames: Named Brian Burke president of hockey operations.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced an affiliation agreement with Greenville of the ECHL.

Sep 4, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Niklas Hjalmarsson to a five-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltenders Tristan Jarry and Matt Murray to three-year contracts; named Mike Buckley goaltender development coach.
St. Louis Blues: Named Doug Armstrong president of hockey operations and alternate governor.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Andre Burakovsky, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract; promoted Olie Kolzig head goaltender coach; named Scott Murray associate goaltender coach.

Sep 2, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Corey Crawford to a six-year contract extension.

Aug 30, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Teemu Selanne to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Brandon Manning to a one-year contract.

Aug 29, 2013
Boston Bruins: Signed general manager Peter Chiarelli to a four-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Bjorn Krupp.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed right wing J.C. Lipon to a three-year contract.

Aug 28, 2013
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Brenden Kichton.

Aug 27, 2013
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Linus Omark to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Announced an affiliation agreement with Quad City of the CHL.

Aug 26, 2013
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Adam Henrique to a six-year contract.

Aug 23, 2013
Edmonton Oilers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Toni Rajala.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Mikhail Grabovski, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.

Aug 22, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Sergey Tolchinsky to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Teuvo Teravainen, their first-round pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Douglas Murray, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Renewed their affiliation agreement with San Francisco of the ECHL.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced an affiliation agreement with Brampton of the CHL.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defensemen Chris Tanev and Andrew Alberts.

Aug 20, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Mark Fistric, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Renewed their affiliation agreement with South Carolina of the ECHL.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Zach Boychuk to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Gustav Nyquist to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Joel Chouinard to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Christian Hanson, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed left wing William Carrier to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Brandon Segal, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.

Aug 19, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Dustin Tokarski to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Mike Bales goaltending coach.

Aug 15, 2013
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Gabriel Landeskog to a seven-year contract extension.

Aug 12, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Steve Weeks goaltending coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Bill Zito assistant general manager.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Matt Grassi and left wing Justin Courtnall.

Aug 9, 2013
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of left wing Jody Shelley.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Jacques Martin assistant coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named George Gwozdecky assistant coach.

Aug 7, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Announced an affiliation agreement with Utah of the ECHL.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Jujhar Khaira to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Brandon Mashinter.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Stephane Da Costa to a one-year contract.

Aug 6, 2013
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Joakim Andersson to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Named Scott Arniel associate coach; named Ulf Samuelsson and Daniel Lacroix assistant coaches.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed centers Bo Horvat and Hunter Shinkaruk to three-year contracts; re-signed left wing Darren Archibald.

Aug 5, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Jamie Tardif to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Corey Tropp to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Steve Pinizzotto, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.

Aug 2, 2013
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Kyle Clifford to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Stephane Chaput to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Gwinnett of the ECHL.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Magnus Paajarvi to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Marek Viedensky to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Kristers Gudlevskis to a three-year contract; voided the contract of right wing Reto Suri.

Aug 1, 2013
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Troy Donnay.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Jay Bouwmeester to a five-year contract extension.

Jul 31, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman T.J. Brodie to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Scott Gomez, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Announced an affiliation agreement with Stockton of the ECHL.

Jul 30, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed center Josh Jooris to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Tyler Cuma to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Mats Zuccarello to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Joe Pavelski to a five-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Mark Fraser to a one-year contract; signed right wing Spencer Abbott to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Ronalds Kenins.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Julien Cayer.

Jul 29, 2013
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Colin Miller to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Andrew Bodnarchuk to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Bryan Rodney to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Brian Gibbons to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Bracken Kearns to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Zach Bogosian to a seven-year contract.

Jul 26, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Kyle Palmieri to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Nathan Gerbe, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Ludwig Karlsson to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed general manager David Nonis to a five-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Dale Weise.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed right wing Blake Wheeler to a six-year contract.

Jul 25, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Luke Adam and goaltender Matt Hackett to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Cody Goloubef to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Darnell Nurse, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Announced the retirement of right wing Jarod Palmer.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Nick Spaling to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Jake Allen to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Zach Hamill, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Colin Stuart.

Jul 24, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Brad Winchester to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Named James Patrick assistant coach.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Robert Bortuzzo to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Paul Ranger to a one-year contract; promoted Chris Dennis to assistant coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Yann Sauve and center Jordan Schroeder.

Jul 23, 2013
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Trevor Lewis to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Corey Cowick to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Mike Sullivan and Glen Gulutzan assistant coaches.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed center Eric O'Dell to a one-year contract.

Jul 22, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed center Sean Monahan, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Sam Gagner to a three-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Colby Robak to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Jaromir Jagr, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Patrick Wiercioch to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman David Rundblad to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Mark Louis to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Mathieu Brodeur, right wing Brett Hextall and Brandon McMillan to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Carl Gunnarsson to a three-year contract; announced an affiliation agreement with Orlando of the ECHL.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Nicolas Deschamps to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed center Bryan Little to a five-year contract; re-signed right wing Anthony Peluso to a two-year contract.

Jul 21, 2013
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Jordan Nolan to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Nick Spaling to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Christopher Gibson to a three-year contract.

Jul 20, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Lance Bouma and center Paul Byron to one-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Sean Couturier to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed goaltender Eric Hartzell.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Zach Redmond to a one-year contract.

Jul 19, 2013
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Jordan Caron to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Brian Flynn and defenseman Nick Crawford.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Brandon DeFazio and defenseman Patrick Sieloff.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Zac Dalpe to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Drew LeBlanc to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Theo Peckham and Michael Kostka, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers and Toronto Maple Leafs, to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Blake Parlett and right wing Spencer Machacek to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Taylor Fedun to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Jordan Nolan to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Scott Ford to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Mike Foligno assistant coach; signed goaltender Keith Kinkaid and right wing Mike Sislo.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Brendan Mikkelsson to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Chris Stewart to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltenders Edward Pasquale and Michael Hutchinson to one-year contracts.

Jul 18, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Mark Cundari to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Matt Duchene to a five-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Denis Grebeshkov to a one-year contract; announced an affiliation agreement with Bakersfield of the ECHL.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Dustin Brown to an eight-year contract extension; named Rob Blake assistant general manager.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Carson McMillan to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Jacob Josefson to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Thomas Hickey to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed head coach Luke Richardson of Binghamton of the AHL to a one-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Brandon Yip to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Dustin Jeffrey to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Paul Postma to a two-year contract.

Jul 17, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Chris Breen to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Kyle Beach to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Brad Malone to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Justin Fontaine to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Rich Clune to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Mike Hoffman to a one-year contract.

Jul 16, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Dustin Penner, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Jared Staal to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Ryan Stanton to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Blake Geoffrion and Bob Halkidis professional scouts; named Marshall Davidson amateur scout; renewed their affiliation agreement with Evansville of the ECHL.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Maxime Fortunus to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Brendan Smith to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Michael Caruso and center Greg Rallo to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Dan Carcillo from the Chicago Blackhawks for a conditional (if Carcillo plays less than 40 games with Los Angeles) sixth-round pick (164th overall, Blackhawks selected Roy Radke) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Mark Barberio to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed left wing Eric Tangradi to a two-year contract; re-signed center Patrice Cormier.

Jul 15, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Mat Clark to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Elias Lindholm, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman David Savard to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Aleksander Barkov, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract; re-signed goaltender Jacob Markstrom to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Alex Martinez to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of center Blake Geoffrion; signed right wing Sven Andrighetto to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Josh Bailey to a five-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Ron Hextall assistant general manager and director of hockey operations.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing J.T. Brown to a one-year contract.

Jul 14, 2013
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Max Domi, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Jul 13, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Ryan White to a one-year contract.

Jul 12, 2013
Boston Bruins: Signed center Patrice Bergeron to an eight-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Jake Muzzin to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defensemen Jon Landry; signed defenseman Jonathan Blum, who had been with the Nashville Predators.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Erik Condra to a two-year contract.

Jul 11, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Aaron Palushaj, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Michal Jordan and goaltender Mike Murphy to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Michael McCarron, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of left wing Ilya Kovalchuk.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Lauri Korpikoski to a four-year contract; signed center Tim Kennedy to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Brandon DeFazio, who had been with the New York Islanders; signed right wing Benn Ferriero, who had been with the Minnesota Wild.

Jul 10, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Alex Grant to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Tuukka Rask to an eight-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Mikael Backlund to a two-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Matt Corrente, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Mark Flood to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing David Perron and a third-round pick (later traded to San Jose) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the St. Louis Blues for left wing Magnus Paajarvi, a second-round pick (33rd overall, Blues selected Ivan Barbashev) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (94th overall, Blues selected Adam Musil) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Brian O'Neill to a one-year contract; signed left wing Maxim Kitsyn to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Gabriel Dumont to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Seth Jones, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Marek Zidlicky to a one-year contract; signed center Rod Pelley.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Carl Hagelin to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Justin Falk to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Dave Dziurzynski to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Mark Borowiecki to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Oliver Lauridsen to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Matt D'Agostini, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defensemen Adam Comrie and Rob Davison to one-year contracts; re-signed defenseman Matt Pelech and goaltender Alex Stalock to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Troy Bodie, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Joe Colborne to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Karl Alzner to a four-year contract; re-signed center Peter LeBlanc to a one-year contract.

Jul 9, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Zack Stortini to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Riley Nash to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Nathan MacKinnon, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Jon Landry, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Cal Clutterbuck to a four-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Erik Gustafsson to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Andy Miele to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Paul Thompson and center Zach Sill to one-year contracts.

Jul 8, 2013
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Carter Camper to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Ville Siren head amateur scout; named Josef Boumedienne European scout.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Chris Mueller, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Matt Gilroy, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed center Jon Matsumoto, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Stephen Macaulay to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Cam Janssen to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Kevin Poulin to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Ryan McDonagh to a six-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Joe Corvo, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Pat Cannone from the Ottawa Senators for future considerations; named Jan Vopat head of European amateur scouting.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Tyson Strachan, right wing Matt Watkins and goaltender David Leggio to one-year contracts.

Jul 7, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed left wing Matt Beleskey to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Henrik Tallinder from the New Jersey Devils for left wing Riley Boychuk.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Brad Hunt to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Pascal Pelletier.

Jul 6, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Nolan Yonkman, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Patrick McNeill and right wing Jack Skille, who had been with the Washington Capitals and Florida Panthers, to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Frederic St-Denis, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Valeri Nichushkin to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Richard Bachman, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Nick Tarnasky, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Stefan Fournier to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Robert Mayer to a two-year contract; signed center Martin St-Pierre to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Derek Roy, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Kyle Bigos from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Lee Moffie.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Mike Santorelli, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman David Kolomatis, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed right wing Jerome Samson, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Andrew Gordon, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Adam Pardy, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.

Jul 5, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Saku Koivu to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Jarome Iginla, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Chad Johnson and right wing Nick Johnson, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes; signed defenseman Mike Moore, who had been with the Nashville Predators.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Drew Bagnall, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a multi-year contract; signed defenseman Alexander Sulzer to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Kris Russell from the St. Louis Blues for a fifth-round pick (124th overall, Blues selected Jaedon Descheneau) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; signed goaltender Kari Rammo to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Brian McGrattan to a two-year contract; re-signed centers Greg Nemisz and Corban Knight; signed defensemen Chris Butler and Chad Billins to one-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Mike Komisarek, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Anton Khudobin, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Nikolai Khabibulin, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Michal Handzus and defenseman Michal Rozsival to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Andre Benoit, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Nate Guenin to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Nick Holden, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract; signed right wing J.T. Wyman and right wing Guillaume Desbiens, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning and the Vancouver Canucks, to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Nathan Horton, who had been with the Boston, to a -year contract; signed center Cody Bass and goaltender Jeremy Smith to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Thomas Larkin to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Mike McKenna to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Shawn Horcoff from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Philip Larsen and a seventh-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; signed goaltender Dan Ellis, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Daniel Alfredsson, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract; signed center Stephen Weiss, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a five-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Andrew Ference, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a four-year contract; signed center Boyd Gordon, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Jason LaBarbera, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Jesse Joensuu to a two-year contract; signed left wing Ryan Hamilton, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Will Acton to a two-year contract; bought out the contract of center Eric Belanger.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Shawn Matthias to a two-year contract; signed right wing Joey Crabb, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jeff Schultz, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Jared Spurgeon to a three-year contract; signed left wing Matt Cooke, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing George Parros from the Florida Panthers for left wing Philippe Lefebvre and a seventh-round pick (182nd overall, Panthers selected Hugo Fagerblom) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Viktor Stalberg, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a four-year contract; signed center Matt Cullen, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Eric Nystrom, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a four-year contract; signed center Matt Hendricks, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Carter Hutton to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Ryan Clowe, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a five-year contract; signed left wing Rostislav Olesz, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Michael Ryder, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract; bought out the contract of goaltender Johan Hedberg.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Travis Hamonic to a seven-year contract; re-signed goaltender Evgeni Nabokov to a one-year contract; signed center Pierre-Marc Bouchard, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed center Peter Regin, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Dominic Moore to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Aaron Johnson, who had been with the Boston Bruins; signed left wing Benoit Pouliot, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Bobby Ryan from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing Jakob Silfverberg, right wing Stefan Noesen and a first-round pick (10th overall, Ducks selected Nick Ritchie) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Clarke MacArthur, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Claude Giroux to an eight-year contract extension; signed goaltender Ray Emery, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Yann Danis to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Mike Ribeiro, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Thomas Greiss, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Chris Summers to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Mike Stone to a three-year contract; re-signed center Kyle Chipchura.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Rob Scuderi, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a four-year contract; re-signed right wing Craig Adams to a two-year contract; signed right wing Chris Conner and centers Nick Drazenovic and Bobby Farnham to one-year contracts; signed center Andrew Ebbett to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Keith Aucoin, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract; signed center Maxim Lapierre, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed center Alexandre Bolduc, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Mark Mancari to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Scott Hannan to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Tyler Kennedy to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Valtteri Filppula, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a five-year contract; signed right wing Geoff Walker to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing David Clarkson, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a seven-year contract; signed defenseman T.J. Brennan, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract; signed center Trevor Smith, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Tyler Bozak to a five-year contract; re-signed left wing Frazer McLaren to a two-year contract; re-signed goaltender Jonathan Bernier to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Yannick Weber, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; signed center Brad Richardson, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings; signed defenseman Jeremie Blain and Alex Biega.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired right wing Devin Setoguchi from the Minnesota Wild for a second-round pick (later traded to Washington via Buffalo) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.


Jul 4, 2013
Colorado Avalanche: Bought out the contract of defenseman Greg Zanon.
Dallas Stars: Acquired centers Tyler Seguin and Rich Peverley and defenseman Ryan Button from the Boston Bruins for left wing Loui Eriksson, right wings Reilly Smith and Matt Fraser and defenseman Joe Morrow.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Keaton Ellerby to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Keith Ballard.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Daniel Briere to a two-year contract; named Stephane Waite goaltending coach.
Nashville Predators: Bought out the contract of defenseman Hal Gill.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Patrik Elias and center Dainius Zubrus to three-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Signed head coach Paul MacLean to three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Adam Hall to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Bought out the contract of center Mikhail Grabovski.

Jul 3, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Matt Ellis to a two-year contract; bought out the contract of left wing Nathan Gerbe.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Nick Leddy to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Jordie Benn to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Bought out the contract of defenseman Carlo Colaiacovo.
Florida Panthers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Filip Kuba.
Minnesota Wild: Bought out the contract of defenseman Tom Gilbert.
Nashville Predators: Bought out the contract of right wing Sergei Kostitsyn.
New York Islanders: Bought out the contract of goaltender Rick DiPietro.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Nathan Lawson to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Issued qualifying offers to defensemen Erik Gustafsson, Oliver Lauridsen and Brandon Manning and left wing Eric Wellwood.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Jordan Leopold to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed goaltender Cedrick Desjardins and defenseman Matt Taormina to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Steve Spott head coach of Toronto of the AHL; bought out the contract of defenseman Mike Komisarek.
Vancouver Canucks: Bought out the contract of defenseman Keith Ballard.

Jul 2, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Issued qualifying offers to left wing Matt Beleskey, right wing Kyle Palmieri and defensemen Mat Clark and Alex Grant.
Buffalo Sabres: Named Joe Sacco assistant coach.
Calgary Flames: Acquired center TJ Galiardi from the San Jose Sharks for a fourth-round pick (106th overall, Sharks selected Adam Helewka) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; issued qualifying offers to left wing Carter Bancks, centers Mikael Backlund, Lance Bouma, Paul Byron and Greg Nemisz and defensemen Chris Breen, Chris Butler, TJ Brodie and Mark Cundari.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Blake Comeau to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wings Lane MacDermid and Luke Gazdic to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Issued qualifying offers to defenseman Taylor Fedun, left wings Teemu Hartikainen and Magnus Paajarvi, goaltender Niko Hovinen, right wing Antti Tyrvainen and center Sam Gagner.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Danny Kristo from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Christian Thomas.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Vincent Lecavalier to a five-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Kris Letang to an eight-year contract extension; re-signed left wing Pascal Dupuis to a four-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Issued qualifying offers to defensemen Alex Pietrangelo, Kris Russell and Cade Fairchild, right wings Chris Stewart and Tyler Shattock, goaltender Jake Allen, left wing Evgeny Grachev and center Phil McRae.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed goaltenders Troy Grosenick and Harri Sateri to one-year contracts; issued qualifying offers to defenseman Nick Petrecki and center Marek Viedensky.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Drew Olson from the Columbus Blue Jackets for future considerations.
Washington Capitals: Bought out the contract of defenseman Jeff Schultz.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Grant Clitsome to a three-year contract.

Jul 1, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Kris Newbury from the New York Rangers for defenseman Danny Syvret.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Mike Smith to a six-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Pierre-Cedric Labrie to a one-year contract.

Jun 30, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Andrej Sekera from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Jamie McBain and a second-round pick (35th overall, Sabres selected J.T. Compher) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired a fourth-round pick (originally San Jose's pick, previously re-acquired from Chicago; 111th overall, Blackhawks selected Robin Norell) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft and a fifth-round pick (141st overall, Blackhawks selected Luc Snuggerud) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for fourth- and fifth-round picks (the first previously acquired from Anaheim via Toronto; 117th and 151st overall, Sharks selected Fredrik Bergvik and Gage Ausmus) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed left wing Brian Bickell to a four-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a seventh-round pick (206th overall, Panthers selected MacKenzie Weegar) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a seventh-round pick (later traded back to Florida) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a second-round pick (37th overall, Kings selected Valentin Zykov) from the Edmonton Oilers for second-, third- and fourth-round picks (the last one previously acquired from Carolina, the first one later traded to St. Louis; 88th and 96th overall, Oilers selected Anton Slepyshev and Kyle Platzer) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Nino Niederreiter from the New York Islanders for right wing Cal Clutterbuck and a third-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 70th overall, Islanders selected Eamon McAdam) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired goaltender Cory Schneider from the Vancouver Canucks for a first-round pick (9th overall, Canucks selected Bo Horvat) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (208th overall, Devils selected Anthony Brodeur) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a seventh-round pick (187th overall, Kings selected Chaz Reddekopp) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Justin Falk from the Minnesota Wild for right wing Benn Ferriero and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 167th overall, Wild selected Chase Lang) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired a second-round pick (39th overall, Coyotes selected Laurent Dauphin) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for second- and third-round picks (42nd and 73rd overall, Devils selected Steve Santini and Ryan Kujawinski) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired a second-round pick (44th overall, Penguins selected Tristan Jarry) from the Columbus Blue Jackets for second- and third-round picks (the first previously acquired from San Jose; 50th and 89th overall, Blue Jackets selected Dillon Heatherington and Oliver Bjorkstrand) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles; 57th overall, Blues selected William Carrier) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for a third- (83rd overall, Oilers selected Bogdan Yakimov) and two fourth-round picks (one previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 94th and 113th overall, Oilers selected Jackson Houck and Aidan Muir) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 112th overall, Blues selected Zachary Prochiro) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a seventh-round pick (203rd overall, Predators selected Janne Juvonen) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (112th overall, Predators selected Viktor Arvidsson) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Tim Kennedy from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a second-round pick (later traded to Columbus) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a first-round pick (18th overall, Sharks selected Mirco Mueller) from the Detroit Red Wings for first- and second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 20th and 58th overall, Red Wings selected Anthony Mantha and Tyler Bertuzzi) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Dave Bolland from the Chicago Blackhawks for second- (51st overall, Blackhawks selected Carl Dahlstrom) and fourth-round picks (previously acquired from Anaheim, later traded to San Jose) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (98th overall, Blackhawks selected Frederik Olofsson) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago; 61st overall, Capitals selected Zach Sanford) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Winnipeg Jets for third-, fourth- and fifth-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Calgary; 84th, 114th and 127th overall, Jets selected James Lodge, Jan Kostalek and Tucker Poolman) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired left wing Michael Frolik from the Chicago Blackhawks for third- and fifth-round picks (74th and 134th overall, Blackhawks selected John Hayden and Luke Johnson) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a second-round pick (59th overall, Jets selected Eric Comrie) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft as compensation for not signing Daultan Leveille, their first-round pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 29, 2013
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Jakub Kindl to a multi-year contract.

Jun 28, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Bought the contracts of defenseman Steve Montador and left wing Rostislav Olesz.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed head coach Todd Richards to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Steven Kampfer to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Michael Blunden to a one-year contract; bought out the contract of defenseman Tomas Kaberle.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Mark Streit to a multi-year contract.

Jun 27, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Ben Lovejoy to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Mike Weber to a multi-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Alex Tanguay and defenseman Cory Sarich from the Calgary Flames for right wing David Jones and defenseman Shane O'Brien.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Keith Acton associate coach.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Chris Kunitz to a three-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Brodie Reid and defenseman Jason Demers to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Bought out the contract of center Vincent Lecavalier; re-signed center Mike Angelidis to a one-year contract.

Jun 26, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Artem Anisimov to a three-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Keith Shattenkirk to a four-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Andrew Desjardins to a two-year contract; re-signed center James Sheppard to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Keith Aulie to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Joel Rechlicz to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 25, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Brett Sutter to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named Peter Horachek head coach of San Antonio of the AHL.
Philadelphia Flyers: Bought out the contract of goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Patrik Berglund to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named John Tortorella head coach.

Jun 24, 2013
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Cameron Gaunce and left wing Matt Fraser to one-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Bobby Butler to a two-year contract; signed left wing Eric Selleck to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Niklas Backstrom to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Harry Zolnierczyk from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Alex Grant.

Jun 23, 2013
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired goaltender Jonathan Bernier from the Los Angeles Kings for goaltender Ben Scrivens, right wing Matt Frattin and a second-round pick (later traded back to Toronto via Columbus) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 21, 2013
Dallas Stars: Named Lindy Ruff head coach.
New York Rangers: Named Alain Vigneault head coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed head coach Dave Tippett to a multi-year contract extension.

Jun 20, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed goaltender Jhonas Enroth to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Travis Morin to a two-year contract; signed right wing Colton Sceviour to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed right wing Matthias Tedenby.
Philadelphia Flyers: Bought out the contract of center Daniel Briere.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing Raffi Torres to a three-year contract.

Jun 19, 2013
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed right wing Brandon Kozun to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Victor Bartley to a three-year contract.

Jun 18, 2013
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Corban Knight from the Florida Panthers for a fourth-round pick (97th overall, Panthers selected Michael Downing) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Pavel Datsyuk to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Slava Voynov to a six-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Kevin Henderson to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Taylor Chorney to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Logan Couture to a five-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Named Mike Haviland head coach of Hershey of the AHL.

Jun 17, 2013
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Cristopher Nilstorp to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Marco Scandella to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Joe Piskula to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Joacim Eriksson.

Jun 14, 2013
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Drew Miller to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Mark Arcobello to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman TJ Brennan from the Florida Panthers for right wing Bobby Butler.

Jun 13, 2013
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Kevin Connauton to a three-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Davis Drewiske to a two-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed assistant general manager Brad Treliving to a multi-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Evgeni Malkin to an eight-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Reto Suri to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed right wing Colton Orr to a two-year contract.

Jun 12, 2013
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Stephane Veilleux to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Mark Streit from the New York Islanders for right wing Shane Harper and a fourth-round pick (108th overall, Islanders selected Devon Toews) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed head coach Dan Bylsma to a two-year contract extension; named Gilles Meloche special assignment scout.

Jun 11, 2013
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Petter Emanuelsson to a two-year contract.

Jun 10, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Named Dwayne Roloson goaltending consultant.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Dallas Eakins head coach.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Roman Josi to a seven-year contract.

Jun 8, 2013
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Sergei Gonchar to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Fired head coach Ralph Krueger.

Jun 7, 2013
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Sergei Gonchar from the Ottawa Senators for a conditional sixth-round pick (if Gonchar signs with Dallas prior to the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; 161st overall, Senators selected Chris Leblanc) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 6, 2013
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of center Andy McDonald.

Jun 5, 2013
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Patrick Bordeleau to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Sylvain Rodrigue goaltending consultant.
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of center Scott Nichol; named Nichol director of player development.

Jun 4, 2013
Dallas Stars: Extended their affiliation agreement with Idaho of the ECHL for the 2013-14 season.

Jun 3, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Antti Raanta to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Tomas Hertl.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Rick Bowness associate coach.

Jun 1, 2013
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed right wing Austen Brassard.

May 31, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Colin Jacobs to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Alex Broadhurst to a three-year contract.

May 30, 2013
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Alexei Marchenko to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Anton Belov to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Robyn Regehr to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Tim Bozon to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Announced an affiliation agreement with Ontario of the ECHL.

May 29, 2013
New York Rangers: Fired head coach John Tortorella.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman James Melindy to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Tom Sestito.

May 28, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Anton Forsberg to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Ian Cole to a two-year contract.

May 27, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Named Shane Churla scout.

May 24, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Ilari Melart to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender Curtis McElhinney.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Mikko Vainonen to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed general manager Don Maloney to a contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Adam Cracknell to a one-year contract.

May 23, 2013
Colorado Avalanche: Named Patrick Roy head coach and vice presidents of hockey operations.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Brendan Leipsic to a three-year contract.

May 22, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Stefan Warg to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Andy Sutton.

May 21, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Sebastian Collberg to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Magnus Nygren to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Named Phil Housley assistant coach.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Chris Bruton to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Niklas Lundstrom.

May 20, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center William Karlsson to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing John Scott to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Mark Van Guilder to a two-year contract.

May 18, 2013
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Nick D'Agostino to a two-year contract.

May 17, 2013
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Eric Boulton to a one-year contract.

May 16, 2013
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Rob Klinkhammer to a two-year contract.

May 9, 2013
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Raphael Bussieres.

May 8, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Mike Condon to a two-year contract.

May 7, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Named Ron Rolston head coach.

May 6, 2013
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Radko Gudas to a three-year contract.

May 5, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Charles Hudon to a three-year contract.

May 3, 2013
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Marek Mazanec to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Cedric Paquette to a to three-year contract.

May 2, 2013
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Nick Jensen to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Alexander Avtsin.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Henrik Tommernes.

Apr 30, 2013
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Patric Hornqvist to a five-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of left wing Brian Rolston.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Nikita Nesterov to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Alexandre Grenier.

Apr 29, 2013
Dallas Stars: Named Jim Nill general manager.

Apr 28, 2013
Colorado Avalanche: Fired head coach Joe Sacco.
Dallas Stars: Fired general manager Joe Nieuwendyk.

Apr 27, 2013
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Michal Neuvirth to a two-year contract.

Apr 26, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of left wing Jochen Hecht.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Cam Atkinson to a two-year contract.

Apr 25, 2013
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Frans Tuohimaa to a two-year contract.

Apr 24, 2013
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Miikka Salomaki to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Anton Zlobin to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Aaron Volpatti to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Eric Fehr to a two-year contract.

Apr 23, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Matt Calvert to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Mathieu Roy for the remainder of the season.

Apr 20, 2013
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender Joey MacDonald.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Martin Gernat to a three-year contract.

Apr 19, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed center Markus Granlund.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Joey Diamond to a one-year contract.

Apr 18, 2013
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Michael Kantor.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman John Ramage.

Apr 17, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Reto Berra.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Andrew Miller to a one-year contract.

Apr 15, 2013
Edmonton Oilers: Fired general manager Steve Tambellini, named Craig MacTavish general manager.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Tobias Rieder to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Ben Bishop to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Ryan Stoa to a one-year contract.

Apr 14, 2013
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Eric Hartzell to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Extended their affiliation agreement with Reading of the ECHL for the 2013-14 season.

Apr 13, 2013
Boston Bruins: Signed center Carl Soderberg to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Chad Ruhwedel to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Nick Shore to a three-year contract.

Apr 12, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Ben Hanowski.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Drew LeBlanc to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Curtis McKenzie to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of goaltender Antero Niittymaki.

Apr 11, 2013
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Petr Straka.

Apr 10, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing John Kurtz to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Brendan Woods to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Lukas Sedlak to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Peter Budaj to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 9, 2013
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Seth Griffith to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Garret Ross to a three-year contract.

Apr 8, 2013
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Troy Grosenick.

Apr 7, 2013
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Erik Haula.

Apr 5, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Andrew O'Brien to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Matthew Lindblad.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Derek Forbort to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Scott Mayfield to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Eriah Hayes and center Rylan Schwartz.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Patrick Wey to a two-year contract.

Apr 4, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Steven Whitney to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Laurent Brossoit.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Harrison Ruopp to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Chris Porter to a two-year contract.

Apr 3, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Matthew Lombardi from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Brandon McMillan.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Wade Redden from the St. Louis Blues for a conditional seventh-round pick (a sixth-round pick if Redden appears in one playoff game in the 2013 Stanley Cup playoffs for the Bruins; 176th overall, Blues selected Samuel Blais) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Rob Flick from the Chicago Blackhawks for center Maxime Sauve.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Brock McGinn to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired left wing Marian Gaborik from the New York Rangers for right wing Derek Dorsett, defenseman John Moore, center Derick Brassard and a sixth-round pick (later traded to Minnesota) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Blake Comeau from the Calgary Flames for a fifth-round pick (135th overall, Flames selected Eric Roy) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Patrick Killeen from the Pittsburgh Penguins for future considerations. 
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Jared Coreau to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Jerred Smithson from the Florida Panthers for a fourth-round pick (98th overall, Panthers selected Matt Buckles) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Nick Bjugstad.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired right wing Jason Pominville and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Edmonton) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for goaltender Matt Hackett, right wing Johan Larsson, a first-round pick (16th overall, Sabres selected Nikita Zadorov) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (49th overall, Sabres selected Vaclav Karabacek) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Jeff Deslauriers from the Anaheim Ducks for future considerations.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Danny Kristo to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Filip Forsberg from the Washington Capitals for right wing Martin Erat and center Michael Latta.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Steve Sullivan from the Phoenix Coyotes for a seventh-round pick (191st overall, Coyotes selected Jared Fiegl) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Andrey Pedan to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired goaltender Steve Mason from the Columbus Blue Jackets for goaltender Michael Leighton and a third-round pick (later traded to Toronto) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Jussi Jokinen from the Carolina Hurricanes for a conditional sixth/seventh-round pick (if Pittsburgh wins the 2013 Stanley Cup and Jokinen plays in 50/25 percent of the Penguins' playoff games, condition not fulfilled) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Dmitry Jaskin to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Raffi Torres from the Phoenix Coyotes for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Florida via the New York Rangers; 62nd overall, Coyotes selected Yan-Pavel Laplante) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Scott Hannan from the Nashville Predators for a conditional sixth-round pick (if Hannan appears in one game of the 2013 Stanley Cup playoffs for the Sharks; 171st overall, Predators selected Tommy Veilleux) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Ben Bishop from the Ottawa Senators for center Cory Conacher and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 102nd overall, Senators selected Tobias Lindberg) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Ryan O'Byrne from the Colorado Avalanche for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 93rd overall, Avalanche selected Nicholas Magyar) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

Apr 2, 2013
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Jaromir Jagr from the Dallas Stars for left wing Lane MacDermid, center Cody Payne and a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick if the Bruins reach the 2013 Eastern Conference finals; 29th overall, Stars selected Jason Dickinson) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed forward Tim Schaller to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Marc-Andre Bergeron from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Adam Hall and a seventh-round pick (186th overall, Lightning selected Joel Vermin) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Kirill Gotovets from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Philippe Paradis.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Mark Letestu to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Cameron Gaunce from the Colorado Avalanche for right wing Tomas Vincour.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Garrett Stafford from the Washington Capitals for left wing Dane Byers.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Tyler Graovac.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Davis Drewiske from the Los Angeles Kings for a fifth-round pick (146th overall, Kings selected Patrik Bartosak) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Ryan Clowe from the San Jose Sharks for second- and third-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Florida and later traded to Phoenix; 49th overall, Sharks selected Gabryel Paquin-Boudreau) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional fifth-round pick (a second-round pick if the Rangers re-sign Clowe and advance to the 2013 Eastern Conference finals; 149th overall, Sharks selected Rourke Chartier) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft. 
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Matt Nieto, right wings Chris Crane and Daniil Tarasov, and center Chris Tierny.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Drew MacIntyre to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Derek Roy from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Kevin Connauton and a second-round pick (54th overall, Stars selected Philippe Desrosiers) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed left wing Chris Higgins to a four-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Joel Rechlicz from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Matt Clackson; signed defenseman Nate Schmidt to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jack Hillen to a two-year contract.

Apr 1, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Harry Zolnierczyk from the Philadelphia Flyers for left wing Jay Rosehill.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Michal Handzus from the San Jose Sharks for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose, later traded back to Chicago) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Ladislav Smid to a four-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Robyn Regehr from the Buffalo Sabres for second-round picks (both later traded back to Los Angeles) in the 2014 and 2015 NHL Entry Drafts.
New York Islanders: Signed center Anders Lee to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Tommy Hughes.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Jay Bouwmeester from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Mark Cundary, goaltender Reto Berra and a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick if the Blues qualify for the 2013 Stanley Cup playoffs; 22nd overall, Flames selected Emile Poirier) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Tanner Richard to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Luke Witkowski to a two-year contract; signed right wing B.J. Crombeen to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 30, 2013
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Kent Huskins from the Detroit Red Wings for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Jordan Leopold from the Buffalo Sabres for a second-round (52nd overall, Sabres selected Justin Bailey) and a conditional fifth-round pick (if St. Louis fails to advance to the second round of the 2013 Stanley Cup playoffs; 143rd overall, Sabres selected Anthony Florentino) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 29, 2013
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Dan DeKeyser to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Lubomir Visnovsky to a two-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired right wing Tobias Rieder from the Edmonton Oilers for left wing Kale Kessy.

Mar 27, 2013
Boston Bruins: Claimed left wing Kaspars Daugavins off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Mats Zuccarello.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Jarome Iginla from the Calgary Flames for right wing Ben Hanowski, left wing Kenny Agostino and a first-round pick (28th overall, Flames selected Morgan Klimchuk) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 26, 2013
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Matt Bartkowski to a one-year contract extension; signed defenseman Chris Casto.

Mar 25, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Alexander Semin to a five-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed forward Buddy Robinson to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Douglas Murray from the San Jose Sharks for a second-round pick (later traded to Detroit) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional second-round pick (if Pittsburgh wins two rounds in the 2013 Stanley Cup playoffs or re-signs Murray; 53rd overall, Sharks selected Noah Rod) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Jon Cooper head coach.

Mar 24, 2013
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Brenden Morrow and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota via Philadelphia; 77th overall, Penguins selected Jake Guentzel) the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Joe Morrow and a fifth-round pick (149th overall, Stars selected Matej Paulovic) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Sergei Andronov.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Fired head coach Guy Boucher.

Mar 23, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Radek Dvorak, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed center Jeff Halpern off waivers from the New York Rangers.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Nate Thompson to a four-year contract extension.

Mar 22, 2013
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Travis Ewanyk to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right wing Matt D'Agostini and a seventh-round pick (later traded to Florida) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the St. Louis Blues for a conditional (if D'Agostini is not re-signed by New Jersey) fifth-round pick (127th overall, Blues selected Niko Mikkola) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 21, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Patrick Maroon to a two-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed center Zach Boychuk off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of right wing Alexei Kovalev.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Kyle Flanagan to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Andrej Sustr to a two-year contract.

Mar 20, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Francis Bouillon to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed Slater Koekkoek to a three-year contract.

Mar 19, 2013
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Garret Sparks and defenseman Tom Nilsson to three-year contracts.

Mar 18, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Corey Perry to an eight-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Ludwig Blomstrand.

Mar 16, 2013
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Alexander Fallstrom.
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed right wing Adam Hall off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Darren Dietz to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed forward Kellan Lain.

Mar 15, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center David Steckel from the Toronto Maple Leafs for right wing Ryan Lasch and a seventh-round pick (later traded back to Anaheim) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman T.J. Brennan from the Buffalo Sabres for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey via Los Angeles; 130th overall, Sabres selected Gustav Possler) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center David Desharnais to a four-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Colin McDonald to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Michael Sdao to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson to a six-year contract extension.

Mar 14, 2013
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Anthony Camara.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Keegan Lowe to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Troy Rutkowski to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Kevin Marshall from the Washington Capitals for left wing Nicolas Deschamps.

Mar 13, 2013
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Danny Biega to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Brett Clark, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Reid Boucher.
St. Louis BLues: Signed left wing Ryan Tesink.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Chay Genoway from the Minnesota Wild for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 12, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Matthew Ford from the Philadelphia Flyers for future considerations.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Matt Kassian from the Minnesota Wild for a sixth-round pick (160th overall, Wild selected Pontus Sjalin) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 11, 2013
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Henrik Samuelsson.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired right wing Dan Sexton from the Anaheim Ducks for center Kyle Wilson.

Mar 10, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Spencer Machacek from the Winnipeg Jets for right wing Tomas Kubalik.

Mar 8, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Ryan Getzlaf to an eight-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Darian Dziurzynski.

Mar 6, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Kevin Gagne to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Claimed right wing Tom Kostopoulos off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
New York Rangers: Claimed defenseman Roman Hamrlik off waivers from the Washington Capitals.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Mathieu Brisebois.

Mar 5, 2013
Nashville Predators: Claimed center Zach Boychuk off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Josh Nicholls.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Tom Kostopoulos, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Korbinian Holzer to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 4, 2013
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of left wing Brian Rolston.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Taylor Peters to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired right wing Mike Brown from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if the Oilers reach the playoffs; later traded to Colorado) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Claimed right wing Bobby Butler off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Josh Leivo to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Steven Oleksy to a three-year contract.

Mar 3, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Joseph Cramarossa to a three-year contract.

Feb 28, 2013
Calgary Flames: Filed a two-year offer sheet for center Ryan O'Reilly of the Colorado Avalanche.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Joe Piskula from the Calgary Flames for right wing Brian McGrattan.
Washington Capitals: Claimed left wing Aaron Volpatti off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.

Feb 26, 2013
Dallas Stars: Acquired left wing Erik Cole from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Michael Ryder and a third-round pick (71st overall, Canadiens selected Connor Crisp) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. 
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Simon Gagne from the Los Angeles Kings for a conditional fourth-round pick (if Philadelphia fails to make the 2013 Stanley Cup playoffs; previously acquired from Phoenix via Columbus; 103rd overall, Kings selected Justin Auger) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 25, 2013
Calgary Flames: Acquired right wing Mike Testwuide from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Mitch Wahl.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Brian Lashoff to a three-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman David Schlemko to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Mark Eaton, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Braden Holtby to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman John Erskine to a two-year contract.

Feb 21, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Named Brian Burke scout.

Feb 20, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed goaltender Viktor Fasth to a two-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Fired head coach Lindy Ruff; named Ron Rolston interim head coach.

Feb 19, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of left wing Mathieu Darche.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Scott Ford from the St. Louis Blues for center Jani Lajunen.

Feb 18, 2013
New York Rangers: Re-signed goaltender Cam Talbot.

Feb 14, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired goaltender Dustin Tokarski from the Tampa Bay Lightning for goaltender Cedrick Desjardins.

Feb 13, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of left wing Andrew Brunette.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Fired general manager Scott Howson; named Jarko Kekalainen general manager.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Alexei Ponikarovsky from the Winnipeg Jets for a fourth-round pick (101st overall, Jets selected Nelson Nogier) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a seventh-round pick (190th overall, Jets selected Brenden Kichton) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired left wing Eric Tangradi from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a conditional sixth-round pick (if Tangradi plays a certain amount of games for Winnipeg; 164th overall, Penguins selected Dane Birks) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 12, 2013
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Jay Pandolfo, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.

Feb 11, 2013
Calgary Flames: Claimed goaltender Joey MacDonald off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.

Feb 8, 2013
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Keaton Ellerby from the Florida Panthers for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey, later traded to Buffalo) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 7, 2013
New York Islanders: Acquired goaltender Tim Thomas from the Boston Bruins for a conditional second-round pick in the 2014 or 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Kimmo Timonen to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 6, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Ben Lovejoy from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fifth-round pick (145th overall, Penguins selected Anthony Angello) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Danny Taylor.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Andrei Loktionov from the Los Angeles Kings for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Buffalo via Florida) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 5, 2013
Colorado Avalanche: Claimed right wing Aaron Palushaj off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Brett Gallant to a one-year contract.

Feb 4, 2013
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Mike Rupp from the New York Rangers for left wing Darroll Powe and right wing Nick Palmieri.

Jan 31, 2013
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Zach Hamill from the Washington Capitals for center Casey Wellman.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Brian Strait to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed center Zach Boychuk off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed left wing Frazer McLaren off waivers from the San Jose Sharks.
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Peter LeBlanc from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.

Jan 28, 2013
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman P.K. Subban to a two-year contract.

Jan 25, 2013
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Jamie Benn to a five-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed goaltender Niko Hovinen off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Mike Knuble, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.

Jan 24, 2013
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Carl Sneep from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a conditional seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Florida, condition not fulfilled) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Benn Ferriero from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Chad Kolarik.

Jan 23, 2013
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of left wing Tomas Holmstrom.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Scott Gomez, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Tim Kennedy, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.

Jan 21, 2013
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired goaltender Henrik Karlsson from the Calgary Flames for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa; 198th overall, Flames selected John Gilmour) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Jean-Francois Jacques from the Florida Panthers for future considerations.

Jan 20, 2013
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Joffrey Lupul to a five-year contract extension.

Jan 19, 2013
Calgary Flames: Signed center Steve Begin to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Claimed defenseman Brian Strait off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Wade Redden, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed center James Wright off waivers from the Florida Panthers.

Jan 18, 2013
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Alexei Kovalev to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Released defenseman Colin White.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Nick Petrecki and center James Sheppard.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Alexander Edler to a six-year contract extension.

Jan 17, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Corey Elkins.
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of goaltender Marty Turco.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Dmitry Kulikov to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Claimed center Keith Aucoin off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.
New York Rangers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Wade Redden.

Jan 16, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Troy Bodie, defenseman Ryan Parent and left wing Jay Rosehill to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Sean O'Donnell.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Brandon Mashinter from the San Jose Sharks for left wing Tommy Grant and a conditional sixth-round pick (if Mashinter was a signed player on the Rangers reserve list at some point during the 201314 NHL season; later traded to Chicago) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Travis Zajac to an eight-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Matthew Lombardi from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if Lombardi re-signs with Phoenix after the 2013 season; 103rd overall, Maple Leafs selected John Piccinich) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed general manager Doug Armstrong to a five-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed left wing Jason Jaffray; claimed right wing Anthony Peluso off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.

Jan 15, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Pierre-Luc Letourneau-Leblond to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Nick Palmieri to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Claimed left wing Rich Clune off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.
New York Islanders: Claimed defenseman Thomas Hickey off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Jan 14, 2013
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Mark Fistric from the Dallas Stars for a third-round pick (68th overall, Stars selected Niklas Hansson) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Brendon Nash from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Jason DeSantis.
New York Islanders: Claimed defenseman Joe Finley off waivers from the Buffalo Sabres.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jim Vandermeer, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.

Jan 13, 2013
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Jochen Hecht to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Kevin Westgarth from the Los Angeles Kings for right wing Anthony Stewart, a fourth-round pick (later traded to Edmonton) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (157th overall, Kings selected Jake Marchment) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Luke Pither from the Philadelphia Flyers for goaltender Brian Boucher and defenseman Mark Alt; signed goaltender Dan Ellis, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Alain Berger.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Radek Martinek, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Michael Del Zotto; signed defenseman Matt Gilroy, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Kurtis Foster, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Mike Mottau, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Cam Barker, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Eric Fehr, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.

Jan 11, 2013
Anaheim Ducks: Named Scott Niedermayer assistant coach.

Jan 9, 2013
Toronto Maple Leafs: Fired senior vice-president and general manager Brian Burke, named David Nonis senior vice-president and general manager.

Jan 8, 2013
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced the retirement of left wing Kristian Huselius.

Jan 5, 2013
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of right wing Richard Zednik.

