Dec 31, 2006
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing J.D. Watt.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman John Scott.

Dec 30, 2006
Philadelphia Flyers: Claimed left wing Dmitry Afanasenkov off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed left wing Jeff Cowan off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Dec 28, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Pierre Parenteau and defenseman Bruno St. Jacques from the Anaheim Ducks for goaltender Sebastien Caron, right wing Matt Keith and left wing Chris Durno.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Derek Joslin.

Dec 21, 2006
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Viktor Dovgan to a three-year contract.

Dec 20, 2006
New York Islanders: Acquired center Randy Robitaille and a fifth-round pick (148th overall, Islanders selected Matthew Martin) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Mike York.

Dec 19, 2006
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed center Joel Perrault off waivers from the St. Louis Blues; signed defenseman Matt Jones.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Wade Brookbank from the Boston Bruins for future considerations.

Dec 18, 2006
Calgary Flames: Signed center Dan Ryder.

Dec 17, 2006
Colorado Avalanche: Signed a long-term affiliation agreement with the new AHL franchise in Cleveland.

Dec 16, 2006
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Freddy Meyer and a third-round pick (62nd overall, Islanders selected Mark Katic) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Alexei Zhitnik.

Dec 15, 2006
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Mathieu Biron from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Patrick Traverse.

Dec 11, 2006
Philadelphia Flyers: Waived center Petr Nedved.
St. Louis Blues: Fired coach Mike Kitchen; named Andy Murray coach.

Dec 9, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Peter Bondra.

Dec 7, 2006
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of center Joe Nieuwendyk.

Dec 6, 2006
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Stephane Robidas to a three-year contract extension through the 2009-10 season.

Dec 5, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed coach Denis Savard to a contract extension through the 2007-08 season.

Dec 4, 2006
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Bob Clarke senior vice president.

Nov 30, 2006
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed player development coach Paul Dennis, goaltending coach Steve McKichan and video analyst Chris Dennis to contract extensions through the 2007-08 season.

Nov 29, 2006
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Derrick Walser from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Mark Flood.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Mike Knuble to a two-year contract extension through the 2008-09 season.
Phoenix Coyotes: Suspended right wing Enver Lisin for refusing to report to San Antonio of the AHL.

Nov 28, 2006
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired goaltender Mikael Tellqvist from the Toronto Maple Leafs for left wing Tyson Nash and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 99th overall, Maple Leafs selected Matt Frattin) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 27, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Fired coach Trent Yawney; named Denis Savard coach.
Nashville Predators: Claimed goaltender Michael Leighton off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Nov 22, 2006
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Ken Hitchcock coach.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Exercised their 2007-08 contract option on general manager John Ferguson, Jr.

Nov 21, 2006
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Steve Staios to a four-year contract extension.

Nov 20, 2006
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed coach John Stevens to a two-year contract.

Nov 14, 2006
Boston Bruins: Acquired goaltender Philippe Sauve from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Tyler Redenbach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Gary Agnew interim coach.

Nov 13, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing George Parros and a third-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 75th overall) from the Colorado Avalanche for a second- (previously acquired from Atlanta; 55th overall, Avalanche selected T.J. Galiardi) and third-round (later traded to San Jose; 91st overall), picks in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Stanislav Chistov from the Anaheim Ducks for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 63rd overall, Ducks selected Maxime Macenauer) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and the option to switch fourth-round picks in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Fired coach Gerard Gallant.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Luc Robitaille assistant to the governor and alternate governor.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Todd Fedoruk from the Anaheim Ducks for a fourth-round pick (92nd overall, Ducks selected Justin Vaive) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 11, 2006
Los Angeles Kings: Claimed center Marty Murray off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Paul Holmgren general manager for the remainder of the season.

Nov 10, 2006
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Andy Wozniewski to a one-year contract extension through the 2007-08 season.

Nov 9, 2006
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Daniel Corso from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Darren Reid.

Nov 7, 2006
St. Louis Blues: Named Al MacInnis vice president of hockey operations.

Nov 6, 2006
Ottawa Senators: Suspended center Alexei Kaigorodov for refusing to accept an assignment to Binghamton of the AHL.

Nov 3, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Ron Francis director of player development.

Nov 1, 2006
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Ken Hitchcock scout.

Oct 31, 2006
St. Louis Blues: Claimed center Joel Perrault off waivers from the Phoenix Coyotes.

Oct 29, 2006
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Yanic Perreault to a one-year contract.

Oct 26, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed left wing Karl Stewart off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Oct 25, 2006
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Ryan Caldwell from the New York Islanders for center Eric Boguniecki.

Oct 23, 2006
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Craig Berube assistant coach.

Oct 21, 2006
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the resignation of general manager Bob Clarke and fired coach Ken Hitchcock; named John Stevens coach and Paul Holmgren interim general manager.

Oct 20, 2006
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing James Neal to a three-year contract.

Oct 18, 2006
Philadelphia Flyers: Waived center Petr Nedved, left wing Niko Dimitrakos and defenseman Nolan Baumgartner.

Oct 13, 2006
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Jonathan Bernier, their first-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Oct 12, 2006
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Adam Dennis to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Chris Zimmerman president and CEO.

Oct 11, 2006
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of center Greg Johnson.

Oct 10, 2006
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Tomas Kudelka.

Oct 8, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Samuel Pahlsson to a two-year contract extension.

Oct 7, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Zenon Konopka.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Boyd Devereaux to a one-year contract.

Oct 6, 2006
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Ethan Moreau to a four-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Cal O'Reilly and left wing Kelsey Wilson to three-year contracts.

Oct 5, 2006
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced that Jim Balsillie signed a purchase agreement to buy the team.

Oct 4, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Signed television analyst Brian Hayward to a contract extension.
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Jeff Odgers radio analyst.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Jeff Solomon director of hockey operations and legal affairs.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Dan LaCouture.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed goaltender Dany Sabourin off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Oct 3, 2006
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defensemen David Hale and Paul Martin, goaltender Scott Clemmensen, right wing Brian Gionta and center Erik Rasmussen.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed center Chris Thorburn off waivers from the Buffalo Sabres.
Colorado Avalanche: Claimed right wing George Parros off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Oct 2, 2006
New York Islanders: Signed center Richard Park to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Waived center Serge Payer and defensemen Jamie Allison, Andy Hedlund and Tomas Malec.
Philadelphia Flyers: Waived center Mark Cullen.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Jordan Staal, their first-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, and defenseman Kristopher Letang.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Kim Staal to a one-year contract.

Oct 1, 2006
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Jim Fahey and left wing Alexander Korolyuk from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Vladimir Malakhov and a first-round pick (later traded to St. Louis; 26th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Sep 30, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Released defenseman Jason Woolley.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Janne Niinimaa and a fifth-round pick (142nd overall, Canadiens selected Andrew Conboy) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for center Mike Ribeiro and a sixth-round pick (176th overall, Stars selected Matthew Tassone) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

Sep 29, 2006
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Andrew Ference to a three-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Eric Belanger and defenseman Tim Gleason from the Los Angeles Kings for defensemen Jack Johnson and Oleg Tverdovsky.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Jeff Hamilton to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of left wing Steve Konowalchuk.
Detroit Red Wings: Released center Boyd Devereaux.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Guillaume Latendresse to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Mike Dunham, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a one-year contract.

Sep 28, 2006
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Nikolai Zherdev to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Released left wing Denis Shvidki.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed defenseman Patrick Traverse off waivers from the San Jose Sharks.
Ottawa Senators: Named Shaun Van Allen director of player evaluation and Anders Hedberg North American-European hockey coordinator.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Dave Andreychuk community representative.

Sep 27, 2006
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Darren Helm to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Sebastien Bisaillon to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Dan Cloutier to a two-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Joel Ward to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed center Karl Stewart off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Sep 26, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Released defensemen Jason Doig and Mike Siklenka.
Anaheim Ducks: Released right wing Simon Ferguson.

Sep 25, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Released defenseman Cale Hulse.
Detroit Red Wings: Named Steve Yzerman vice president.

Sep 24, 2006
Detroit Red Wings: Released right wing Ryan Keller, goaltender Logan Koopmans, defenseman Derek Meech and center Ryan Oulahen.
Vancouver Canucks: Released left wings Gordie Dwyer and Vladimir Kutny.

Sep 23, 2006
Dallas Stars: Released left wing Kip Brennan.
Edmonton Oilers: Released right wing J.J. Hunter.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Oskars Bartulis to a three-year contract.

Sep 21, 2006
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Derick Brassard, their first-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Brenden Morrow to a six-year contract extension through the 2012-13 season.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Dan Hamhuis to a four-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Purchased a majority interest in the Trenton Titans of the ECHL.

Sep 20, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Released goaltenders Tom Lawson and Olivier Michaud and center Sean McMorrow.

Sep 19, 2006
San Jose Sharks: Named Sean Coady director of professional scouting, Pelle Eklund European scout and Michael Potenza strength and conditioning coordinator.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Released defenseman Clayton Barthel.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of right wing Tie Domi.

Sep 18, 2006
Columbus Blue Jackets: Released defenseman Jonathan D'Aversa.
New York Rangers: Named Rick Kehoe professional scout.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed coach Ken Hitchcock to a three-year contract extension through the 2008-09 season.
St. Louis Blues: Released center Casey Lee.
Vancouver Canucks: Released center Chris Ray, left wing Steve Gainey and right wing Maxime Fortunas.

Sep 17, 2006
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed right wing Dustin Brown and defenseman Tim Gleason to two-year contracts.

Sep 16, 2006
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Jere Lehtinen to a two-year contract extension through 2008-09.

Sep 15, 2006
San Jose Sharks: Released left wings David Bararuk and Erik Felde, defensemen Graham Potuer, Matthew McCue and Randy King and center Justin Bernhardt.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Brent Aubin; named Doug Gilmour player development advisor.

Sep 14, 2006
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Dan Fritsche to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Franklin MacDonald, center David Brine and right wing Adam Taylor.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of center Keith Primeau.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Radek Dvorak, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Matt Stajan to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Ryan Kesler.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman John Erskine, who had been with the New York Islanders.

Sep 13, 2006
Boston Bruins: Released left wings Dan Sparre, Mark Tobin and Ned Havern, center Mathieu Curadeau, defensemen Peter Hafner, Jonathan Paiement, Jay Pemberton, Andrew Andricopoulos, Mike Busto, Mike Hartwick, Justin Wallingford and Brian Yandle and goaltender Ryan Mior.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Tuomo Ruutu to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Viktor Kozlov, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Andrew Brunette to a one-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Released left wing Scott Mifsud.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Trevor Linden to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Anson Carter, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.

Sep 12, 2006
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of right wing Tom Fitzgerald.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed centers Marek Zagrapan, Jiri Novotny and Chris Thorburn and right wing Michael Ryan; named Brian McCutcheon associate coach, James Patrick assistant coach and Kevin Devine director of amateur scouting.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Joffrey Lupul to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Rick DiPietro to a 15-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Alexei Kaigorodov.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Ryan Kesler of the Vancouver Canucks to a one-year offer sheet.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Released right wing Jeff Kryzakos and goaltender Gabriel Bouthillette.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Drew MacIntyre from the Detroit Red Wings for a conditional pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Sep 11, 2006
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Duvie Westcott to a three-year extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Tomas Vokoun to a four-year extension through the 2010-11 season.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed left wing Simon Gagne to a five-year contract.

Sep 8, 2006
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed goaltender Ryan Miller to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Trevor Hendrikx to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Tom Chorske radio color commentator.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Lukas Krajicek and right wing Alexandre Burrows.

Sep 7, 2006
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed goaltender Kari Lehtonen to a multi-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Named Pat Verbeek pro scout.

Sept 6, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Named Brad Bombardir director of community partnerships.

Sep 5, 2006
Calgary Flames: Signed center Andrei Taratukhin to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Marek Svatos to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Mathieu Roy to a one-year contract; signed left wing Alexei Mikhnov, their first-round pick in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Evgeni Malkin, their first-round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.

Sep 3, 2006
Florida Panthers: Announced the resignation of general manager Mike Keenan; named Jacques Martin general manager.

Sep 1, 2006
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Kris Mayotte.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced an affiliation agreement with Grand Rapids, Hamilton, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Milwaukee and Iowa of the AHL and Stockton of the ECHL.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Matt Moulson to a multi-year contract.

Aug 31, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Stephen Peat to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Trevor Daley to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Named Michael Humes and Timothy McDermott senior vice presidents.

Aug 30, 2006
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Dmitri Kalinin to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Brad Isbister, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Brandon Sugdon.

Aug 29, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman David Tanabe, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Jean-Pierre Dumont, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a two-year contract.

Aug 28, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Bruno St. Jacques to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing T.J. Trevelyan to a multi-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Toby Petersen to a one-year contract; signed left wing Tim Sestito to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Bobby Walls rehabilitation trainer.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Peter Ferraro to a one-year contract.

Aug 25, 2006
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Johan Franzen to a three-year contract.

Aug 24, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Joe Barnes to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Thomas Pock.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Jay Heinbuck director of amateur scouting, Patrik Allvin, Dan MacKinnon, Jim Madigan and Bill O'Flaherty scouts, Chris Stewart athletic trainer, Scott Adams assistant trainer, Dana Heinze equipment manager, Frank Buonomo director of team services and Travis Ramsay video coordinator.

Aug 23, 2006
New York Islanders: Named Gilles Lefebvre goaltending coach.

Aug 22, 2006
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center Patrice Bergeron to a multi-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Eric Boguniecki, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-way contract.

Aug 21, 2006
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Alex Henry, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; named Shawn Dineen scout.

Aug 18, 2006
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Andrew Penner, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Jaime Rivers, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Rory Fitzpatrick, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres.

Aug 17, 2006
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Vitaly Vishnevski from the Anaheim Ducks for center Karl Stewart, a second-round pick (later traded to Colorado; 55th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Phil Kessel, their first-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Matthew Lombardi.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Kevin Bieksa and right wing Tyler Bouck.

Aug 16, 2006
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Francois Beauchemin to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Nate Guenin to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Owen Nolan to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Renewed their affiliation with the Fresno Falcons of the ECHL; named Marty McSorley television color analyst on FSN Bay Area.

Aug 15, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Ian Moran, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Sean Hill, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.

Aug 14, 2006
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Greg Johnson, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.

Aug 11, 2006
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Petr Sykora, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Named Veli-Pekka Kautonen chief European scout; signed scouts Kautonen and Anders Kallur to multi-year contracts.

Aug 10, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Travis Green, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Named Chris O'Sullivan scout.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Eric Desjardins.

Aug 9, 2006
Boston Bruins: Announced the resignation of president Harry Sinden to become a senior advisor to owner Jeremy Jacobs.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Filip Novak, who had been with the Ottawa Senators.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Ryan O'Byrne to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Connor James, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Patrick Rissmiller to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Mathieu Biron, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Christian Backman to a multi-year contract.

Aug 8, 2006
Buffalo Sabres: Declined to accept the one-year arbitration award given to right wing Jean-Pierre Dumont.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Sebastien Caron, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Michael Sauer.
Phoenix Coyotes: Reached a one-year affiliation agreement with the Phoenix Roadrunners of the ECHL.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Manny Legace, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings.

Aug 7, 2006
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Milan Jurcina; signed defenseman Nathan Dempsey, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings; signed left wing Pascal Pelletier.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Brendan Brooks to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Marcel Hossa.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced left wing Ladislav Nagy has been awarded a one-year contract worth $3 million in arbitration.

Aug 5, 2006
Boston Bruins: Declined to accept the one-year arbitration award given to defenseman David Tanabe, allowing him to become an unrestricted free agent.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury to a two-year contract.

Aug 4, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Ryan Bayda to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Michal Handzus from the Philadelphia Flyers for left wing Kyle Calder.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Brett McLean to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Mike Comrie to a one-year contract.

Aug 3, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Shane O'Brien to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Brad Boyes to a multi-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Daniel Briere to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Named Ted Hampson chief scout.
New York Islanders: Named Ryan Jankowski assistant general manager and director of amateur scouting.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Adam Hall.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Mike Lange radio play-by-play broadcaster for the 2006-07 season.

Aug 2, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Brian Salcido to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Jesse Boulerice, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Fedor Tyutin.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Serge Payer, who had been with the Florida Panthers, and left wing Dean McAmmond, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to one-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Eric Meloche from the Chicago Blackhawks for the rights to left wing Vaclav Pletka.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Libor Pivko and defenseman Alain Nasreddine to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Martin Rucinsky, who had been with the New York Rangers.

Aug 1, 2006
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Maxim Afinogenov to a multi-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wings Brandon Bochenski and Matt Keith and defenseman Jim Vandermeer to one-year contracts; signed center Craig MacDonald, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Clint Malarchuk goaltending coach.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Scott Hartnell to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Matt Loughlin radio play-by-play announcer.
New York Islanders: Named Steve Mears radio play-by-play announcer.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Michal Rozsival.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Dominic Moore to a two-year contract.

Jul 31, 2006
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Dominik Hasek, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed an affiliation agreement with the Pensacola Ice Pilots of the ECHL.
New York Rangers: Named Frank Effinger pro scout.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Matt Pettinger to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Karl Goehring.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed an affiliation extension with the Syracuse Crunch of the AHL.

Jul 30, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Vitaly Vishnevski to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Paul Gaustad to a multi-year contract.

Jul 28, 2006
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Tim Connolly to a multi-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Peter Schaefer to a multi-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Yannick Tremblay to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Mike Van Ryn to a four-year contract and defenseman Ric Jackman to a one-year contract.

Jul 27, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Kent Huskins to a one-year contract; signed center Petteri Wirtanen to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Jason Pominville and defenseman Toni Lydman to multi-year contracts.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Brad Ference, who had been with the New Jersey Devils.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Reed Low, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Jason Williams to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Mark Wotton, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Brian Maloney, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Gilles Meloche goaltending coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Cory Sarich to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Lorne Henning director of player personnel.

Jul 26, 2006
Dallas Stars: Named Kevin Maxwell scout.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Danny Markov, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Mike Cammalleri to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Chris Neil to a multi-year contract; signed right wing Cory Pecker and defenseman Jamie Allison, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Wade Belak to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Matt Bradley to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Dean Arsene.

Jul 25, 2006
Boston Bruins: Named Jim Benning director of player personnel, Doug Houda assistant coach and Wayne Smith regional scout.
Dallas Stars: Signed general manager Doug Armstrong to a three-year contract extension through 2010-11; signed assistant general manager Les Jackson to a four-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Alex Hemsky to a six-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Ed Belfour, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defensemen Tomas Harant, Mike Mottau and Johnny Oduya and left wing Rod Pelley.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defensemen Allan Rourke, Ryan Caldwell and center Mike York to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Billy Thompson, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Chris Kelly to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Mark Recchi, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Mark Bell to a three-year contract and defenseman Christian Ehrhoff to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Jan Bulis, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Trevor Byrne, who had been with the St. Louis Blues.

Jul 24, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Rick Dudley assistant general manager.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Paul Stastny to a multi-year contract; signed defenseman Ken Klee, who had been with the New Jersey Devils.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Sean Avery to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed general manager Bob Gainey to a two-year contract extension through 2009-2010; named Pierre Gauthier assistant general manager, Julien BriseBois vice president of hockey operations, Michel Boucher and Denis Morel amateur scouts and Doug Gibson professional scout.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Martin Erat to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Arron Asham to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Ronald Petrovicky, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Mark Smith to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Lee Goren; signed defensemen Alexander Edler, Shaun Heshka and Joe Rullier and right wing Jannik Hansen.

Jul 23, 2006
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Ales Kotalik to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Michael Ryder to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Brooks Orpik to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Carkner, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.

Jul 22, 2006
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center David Legwand to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Jason Chimera to a two-year contract.

Jul 21, 2006
Boston Bruins: Signed defensemen Wade Brookbank, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, and Jason York and left wing Jeff Hoggan, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Henrik Tallinder to a multi-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Mike Angelidis to a three-year contract and defenseman Tim Conboy, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, and center Scott Kelman to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Jamie Pushor; signed center Janne Hauhtonen; promoted Paul Castron to director of amateur scouting.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Jarret Stoll and defenseman Tom Gilbert to two-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Jordin Tootoo to a two-year contract and defenseman Sheldon Brookbank to a one-year contract; signed left wing Ramzi Abid, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender David LeNeveu to a one-year contract; signed center Mike Zigomanis, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Colby Armstrong to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Wade Skolney, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Ben Clymer to a three-year contract; signed left wing Pete Vandermeer, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.

Jul 20, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed left wing Chris Kunitz to a two-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed center Niko Kapanen to a multi-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman J.D. Forrest to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed coach Craig MacTavish and president and CEO Patrick LaForge to four-year contract extensions.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing David Booth.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Rick Berry, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Travis Roche, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Nils Ekman and goaltender Patrick Ehelechner from the San Jose Sharks for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina, later traded to Philadelphia via Washington; 41st overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Keith Acton, Dallas Eakins and Randy Ladouceur assistant coaches.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Marc Chouinard, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract.

Jul 19, 2006
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Eric Belanger to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Wyatt Smith, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Dominic Moore from the New York Rangers for right wing Adam Hall.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Wade Dubielewicz to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Geoff Sanderson, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Bryan Helmer, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center Dominic Moore and left wing Libor Pivko from the Nashville Predators for a third-round pick (81st overall, Predators selected Ryan Thang) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 18, 2006
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Karl Stewart and centers Derek MacKenzie and Kevin Doell; signed right wing Kyle Wanvig, who had been with the Minnesota Wild.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Tim Ramholt.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Scott Walker from the Nashville Predators for center Josef Vasicek; signed right wing Shane Willis, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed goaltender Pascal Leclaire to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed goaltender Dan Ellis and right wing Krys Barch to one-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Juraj Kolnik to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Jason Morgan, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Mikko Koivu to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Fired general manager Neil Smith; announced the retirement of goaltender Garth Snow and named him general manager.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Jed Ortmeyer and defenseman Bryce Lampman.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Michael Peca, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Rick Bowness, Mike Kelly and Barry Smith assistant coaches.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Quintin Laing, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks.

Jul 17, 2006
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Andrew Alberts to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Brian Finley, who had been with the Nashville Predators, defenseman Bobby Allen, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, and left wings Nate DiCasmirro, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, Dennis Packard, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, and Jeremy Reich.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Radim Vrbata to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jordan Hendry to a two-year contract and center Carl Corazzini and defenseman David Koci, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to one-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Eric Lindros, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Tomas Kopecky to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Craig Anderson to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed goaltender Mathieu Garon and right wing Tim Jackman to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Jason Morgan, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Alexander Perezhogin to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Brandon Segal; signed center Shane Endicott, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, left wing Pat Leahy, who had been with the Boston Bruins, defenseman Nolan Yonkman, who had been with the Washington Capitals, and goaltender Karl Goehring.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Christoph Schubert to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Charlie Cook, left wing Andrew Ebbett and center Ryan Vesce to one-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Joe Jensen.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Don MacLean, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Named Ryan Stenn media relations and hockey operations coordinator.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Jay McClement to a multi-year contract; announced goaltender Jason Bacashihua, defensemen Eric Brewer, Jeff Woywitka, Tomas Mojzis, Aaron MacKenzie, Jon DiSalvatore and Doug Lynch and left wing Peter Sejna have accepted their qualifying offers.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defensemen Brendan Bell and Jay Harrison to one-year contracts and center Kyle Wellwood to a two-year contract; announced defenseman Carlo Colaiacovo and left wing Kris Newbury accepted their qualifying offers.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed centers Brian Sutherby and Rico Fata; named Blaine Forsythe video coach.

Jul 16, 2006
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Philippe Sauve, defenseman Matthew Spiller and left wing Oleg Saprykin to one-year contracts.

Jul 15, 2006
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Doug Murray to a three-year contract, center Marcel Goc to a two-year contract and defensemen Jim Fahey and Garrett Stafford, centers Tomas Plihal and Craig Valette and right wing Grant Stevenson to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Ryan Craig to a two-way contract; signed left wing Eric Healey, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-way contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Boyd Gordon to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Steve Eminger and center Kris Beech.

Jul 14, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wings Shawn Thornton, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, and Pierre Parenteau to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Andrej Sekera to a three-year contract; announced defenseman Nathan Paetsch and center Derek Roy accepted their qualifying offers.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Derrick Walser and goaltender Craig Kowalski to one-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Announced right wing Junior Lessard accepted his qualifying offer.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Shawn Horcoff to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Alex Auld and center Stephen Weiss to one-year contracts; announced defenseman Alexei Semenov accepted his qualifying offer.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Trevor Lewis, their first-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Matt Foy and defenseman Erik Reitz to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Jordan Parise.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Joni Pitkanen to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Chuck Fletcher assistant general manager and Ed Johnston senior advisor of hockey operations.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Rob Davison, right wing Scott Parker and goaltender Dimitri Patzold to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Scott Ferguson, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Graham Mink, who had been with the Washington Capitals, goaltender Taylor Dakers and center Joe Pavelski.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Mitch Fritz; signed center Blair Jones to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Jiri Tlusty, their first-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired the rights to left wing Taylor Pyatt from the Buffalo Sabres for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Calgary; 116th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Donald Brashear, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers; signed left wings Alexandre Giroux and Chad Wiseman, who both had been with the New York Rangers.

Jul 13, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Michael Leighton, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wing Jon Sim, who had been with the Florida Panthers; re-signed defenseman Mark Popovic and center Colin Stuart.
Boston Bruins: Named Marc Habscheid associate coach and signed him to a multi-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Martin Biron to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Rene Bourque to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Duncan Keith to a four-year contract; re-signed left wing Michael Holmqvist to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender Peter Budaj to a three-year contract; signed center Cody McCormick.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Chris Conner to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Matt Hussey and defenseman Dan Smith to one-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing Gregory Campbell to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Raitis Ivanans, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Pascual Dupuis to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed goaltender Yann Danis, right wing Duncan Milroy and defensemen Andrew Archer and Dan Jancevski to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Named Eli Gold radio play-by-play announcer for the 2006-07 season.
New York Islanders: Named Dan Flynn and Daniel Lacroix assistant coaches.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defensemen Neil Komadoski and Neil Petruic and right wings Jeff Heerema and Bobby Robins to one-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Matt Ellison to a one-year contract; signed center Daniel Corso, left wing Boyd Kane, who had been with the Washington Capitals, and defenseman Martin Grenier, who had been with the New York Rangers, to one-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Dennis Seidenberg and right wing Fredrik Sjostrom to two-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Blair Jones to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Erik Westrum, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Brooks Laich and goaltender Frederic Cassivi.

Jul 12, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Ryan Carter to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Announced Darryl Sutter has resigned as coach but will remain as general manager; promoted Jim Playfair to coach; named Wayne Fleming assistant coach.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Keith Aucoin and left wing Dave Gove on two-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named John Wiedeman radio play-by-play announcer.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman John-Michael Liles to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jeff Finger, left wing Matt Murley, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, and center/right wing Ben Guite, who had been with the Boston Bruins, and Mark Rycroft, who had been with the St. Louis Blues; named Jeff Hackett goaltending coach and Terry Martin scout.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Vadim Khomitski to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Jan Hejda to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Steve Montador to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Gabe Gauthier to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed goaltender David Aebischer to a one-year contract; acquired right wing Mike Johnson from the Phoenix Coyotes for a fourth-round pick (103rd overall, Coyotes selected Vladimir Ruzicka) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Sergei Samsonov, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Promoted Keith Gretzky to director of amateur scouting; named Greg Malone eastern pro scout.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Dmitry Afanasenkov to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Richard Zednik from the Montreal Canadiens for a third-round pick (65th overall, Canadiens selected Olivier Fortier) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 11, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Colby Genoway and defenseman Clay Wilson to two-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Chris Collins to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Brian Campbell to a multi-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Ron Hainsey to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Brett Lebda to a four-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Nathan Horton to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Chris Simon, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Named Brad Shaw assistant coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Luke Richardson, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.

Jul 10, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed left wing Stanislav Chistov to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Martin Havlat and center Bryan Smolinski from the Ottawa Senators for defensemen Tom Preissing and Michal Barinka, center Josh Hennessy and a second-round pick (42nd overall, Senators selected Patrick Wiercioch) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed center Patrick Sharp to a two-year contract; signed right wing Tony Salmelainen to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Lasse Kukkonen to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Steve Ott to a two-year contract; signed center Marty Sertich to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Dan Cleary to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired the rights to defenseman Jan Hejda from the Buffalo Sabres for a seventh-round pick (187th overall, Sabres selected Nick Eno) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Mike Johnston associate coach, Jamie Kompon assistant coach, Bill Ranford goaltending coach and Nelson Emerson video and player development consultant; signed defensemen Kevin Dallman and Brendan Buckley to two-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Brent Burns to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Chris Higgins to a one-year contract; signed center Mathieu Aubin and right wing Matt D'Agostini to three-year contracts and center Mikhail Grabovski to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Mark Bell from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Tom Preissing and center Josh Hennessy; signed defenseman Patrick Traverse and right wing Matthieu Darche.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Shaone Morrisonn to a two-year contract.

Jul 9, 2006
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Brendan Shanahan, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract.

Jul 8, 2006
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Tom Poti, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.

Jul 7, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Patrick Dwyer to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Gary Agnew assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Mike Weaver to a one-year contract and left winger Gabe Gauthier to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Riley Emmerson.
St. Louis Blues: Named Rick Wamsley goaltending coach.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed right wing Ben Ondrus to a two-year contract.

Jul 6, 2006
Boston Bruins: Signed center Mark Mowers, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Jamie McLennan, who had been with the Florida Panthers.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed Glen Wesley to a one-year contract; signed right wing Trevor Letowski, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Denis Arkhipov, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Ty Conklin, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, and defenseman Tomas Kloucek, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Daniel Tjarnqvist, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Ari Vallin.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Branko Radivojevic, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers; re-signed left wing Derek Boogaard.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Mike Ribeiro and defenseman Jean-Philippe Cote to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Martin Straka.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Ray Emery to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center R.J. Umberger to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Ruslan Fedotenko to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Doug Janik, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Sasha Pokulok, their first-round pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 5, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Andy McDonald to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Jaroslav Spacek, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a multi-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wings Alex Tanguay and Jeff Friesen, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Erik Cole to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Jeff Halpern, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a four-year contract and right wing Matthew Barnaby, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defensemen Bryan Allen and Branislav Mezei.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired goaltender Dan Cloutier from the Vancouver Canucks for a second-round pick (33rd overall, Canucks selected Taylor Ellington) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to Buffalo; 66th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Marian Gaborik to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Paul Albers and Mike Madill and left wing Ryan Hamilton.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Joel Bouchard to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Daniel Girardi and goaltender Stephen Valiquette.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed goaltender Antero Niittymaki to a one-year contract; signed center Mark Cullen, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Georges Laraque, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract.

Jul 4, 2006
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed goaltender Fred Brathwaite, center Jason Krog and right wing Darren Haydar.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Marty Reasoner, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings   Signed right wing Brian Willsie, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Andy Hilbert, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Randy Robitaille, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Jeremy Roenick, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Jarkko Ruutu, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Peter Cajanek to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Marc Denis to a three-year contract; re-signed left wing Norm Milley to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Andrew Raycroft to a three-year contract.

Jul 3, 2006
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Chris Pronger from the Edmonton Oilers for right wing Joffrey Lupul, defenseman Ladislav Smid, a first-round pick (later traded to Phoenix; 30th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, a conditional first-round pick (if Anaheim reaches the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals; 22rd overall, Oilers selected Jordan Eberle) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders; 53rd overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Steve Rucchin, who had been with the New York Rangers; signed center Glen Metropolit, who had been with the Ottawa Senators.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Teppo Numminen to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of center Steve Yzerman.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Brendan Witt, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Aaron Ward, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Jason Spezza.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Andre Savard assistant coach; signed defenseman Mark Eaton, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Dan Hinote, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a multi-year contract; signed right wing Bill Guerin, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Curtis Brown, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks; signed right wing Mike Grier, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres.

Jul 2, 2006
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Shean Donovan, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Chad LaRose to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Alyn McCauley, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Darryl Sydor from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Ottawa; 119th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed goaltender Mike Smith to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Mike Sillinger, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Martin Straka.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Doug Weight, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, and coach Mike Kitchen to multi-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Mike Morrison, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Ruslan Salei, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a four-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Jason Arnott, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a five-year contract; signed defenseman Cody Franson.

Jul 1, 2006
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing Scott Mellanby to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Johan Hedberg, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Zdeno Chara, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a five-year contract; signed center Marc Savard, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a four-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Andrei Zyuzin, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a multi-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Eric Staal to a three-year contract and defenseman Mike Commodore to a two-year contract; signed goaltender John Grahame, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Patrick Lalime, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Tyler Arnason, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Anders Eriksson to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Kris Russell; re-signed center Alexander Svitov to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender Chris Osgood to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Fernando Pisani to a four-year contract and goaltender Dwayne Roloson to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Bought out defenseman Sean Hill.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Rob Blake, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, and left wing Scott Thornton, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to two-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defensemen Keith Carney, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, and Kim Johnsson, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, and right wing Mark Parrish, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to multi-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Francis Bouillon to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed goaltender Chris Mason to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Patrik Elias and right wing Jamie Langenbrunner to multi-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Stephen Valiquette and defensemen Karel Rachunek and Daniel Girardi; signed center Matt Cullen, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Martin Gerber, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, and defenseman Joe Corvo, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to multi-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Nolan Baumgartner, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Lars Jonsson to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Ed Jovanovski, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a five-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Jay McKee, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a multi-year contract; re-signed left wing Dallas Drake to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Nikita Alexeev and center Andreas Karlsson to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Andy Delmore, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract and defenseman Filip Kuba, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Pavel Kubina, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a four-year contract and defenseman Hal Gill, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Willie Mitchell, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a four-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Brent Johnson; signed defenseman Brian Pothier, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a four-year contract.

Jun 30, 2006
Boston Bruins: Bought out left wing Shawn McEachern and center Travis Green.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wings Craig Adams and Justin Williams and defensemen Andrew Hutchinson and Niclas Wallin.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defensemen Brett Clark and Karlis Skrastins to multi-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Bought out right wing Bill Guerin.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Exercised their option on left wing Jeff Cowan for the 2006-07 season.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Wade Redden to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Named John Davidson president.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Marc Denis from the Columbus Blue Jackets for left wing Fredrik Modin and goaltender Fredrik Norrena.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Bought out right wing Tie Domi and declined to pick up their option on goaltender Ed Belfour.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Daniel Sedin and center Henrik Sedin to three-year contracts.

Jun 29, 2006
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Jonathan Ferland to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Ryan Johnson and defenseman Matt Walker.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Bryan McCabe to a five-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Roberto Luongo to a four-year contract.

Jun 28, 2006
Colorado Avalanche: Exercised their option on left wing Antti Laaksonen for the 2006-07 season; re-signed defenseman Ossi Vaananen to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Exercised their option on defenseman Jon Klemm for the 2006-07 season; re-signed left wing Mathias Tjarnqvist to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Nick Boynton to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center John Pohl to a two-year contract.

Jun 27, 2006
Boston Bruins: Fired head coach Mike Sullivan.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Frantisek Kaberle to a four-year contract.

Jun 26, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Bought out right wing Matthew Barnaby and left wing Curtis Brown.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed goaltender Cristobal Huet to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Brad Tapper to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Nick Boynton and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Toronto; 99th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Boston Bruins for defenseman Paul Mara and a third-round pick (later traded to Anaheim; 63rd overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Made qualifying offers to the following players: goaltenders Dmitri Patzold and Nolan Schaefer, defensemen Rob Davison, Christian Ehrhoff, Jim Fahey, Doug Murray and Garrett Stafford, centers Marcel Goc, Mark Smith, Tomas Plihal, Grant Stevenson and Craig Valette, and right wings Scott Parker and Patrick Rissmiller.

Jun 25, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed head coach Peter Laviolette and assistant coaches Kevin McCarthy and Jeff Daniels to five-year contracts; promoted McCarthy to associate coach.

Jun 24, 2006
National Hockey League: Assigned a second-round pick (37th overall, Bruins selected Yuri Alexandrov) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft to the Boston Bruins as compensation for not signing Lars Jonsson, their first-round pick from the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. Assigned a second-round pick (45th overall, Oilers selected Jeff Petry) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft to the Edmonton Oilers as compensation for not signing Jesse Niinimaki, their first-round pick from the 2001 NHL Entry Draft. Assigned a second-round pick (48th overall, Kings selected Joe Ryan) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft to the Los Angeles Kings as compensation for not signing Jens Karlsson, their first-round pick from the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired center Niko Kapanen and a seventh-round pick (210th overall, Thrashers selected Will O'Neill) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for center Patrik Stefan and defenseman Jaroslav Modry.
Boston Bruins: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 71st overall, Bruins selected Brad Marchand) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for fourth- (later traded to San Jose; 98th overall) and fifth-round (previously acquired from Chicago; 126th overall, Islanders selected Shane Sims) picks in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Alex Tanguay from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Jordan Leopold, a second-round pick (59th overall, Avalanche selected Codey Burki) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, a second-round-pick (49th overall, Avalanche selected Trevor Cann) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional seventh-round pick in either the 2007 or 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackawks: Acquired a third-round pick (76th overall, Blackhawks selected Tony Lagerstrom) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for two fourth-round picks (previously acquired from Columbus via Carolina and from Colorado; 99th and 111th overall, Maple Leafs selected James Reimer and Korbinian Holzer) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 110th overall, Avalanche selected Kevin Montgomery) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for fifth- and sixth-round picks (141st and 171st overall, Islanders selected Kim Johansson and Brian Day) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a seventh-round pick (194th overall, Blue Jackets selected Matt Marquardt) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a seventh-round pick (188th overall, Kings selected Matt Fillier) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired a third-round pick (75th overall, Oilers selected Theo Peckham) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for third- and seventh-round picks (80th and 200th overall, Thrashers selected Michael Forney and Arturs Kulda) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 116th overall, Panthers selected Derrick Lapoint) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fourth-round pick (later traded back to Florida; 101st overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Craig Anderson from the Chicago Blackhawks for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 160th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Pavol Demitra from the Los Angeles Kings for center Patrick O'Sullivan and a first-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 17th overall, Kings selected Trevor Lewis) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago; 66th overall, Canadiens selected Ryan White) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for third- and fourth-round picks (79th and 109th overall, Flyers selected Jonathan Matsumoto and Jakub Kovar) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired a fourth-round pick (104th overall, Rangers selected David Kveton) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for fourth- and fifth-round picks (114th and 144th overall, Kings selected Niclas Andersen and Martin Nolet) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. Acquired a fifth-round pick (137th overall, Rangers selected Tomas Zaborsky) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for a fourth-round pick (108th overall, Capitals selected Brett Bruneteau) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired first- and fifth-round (29th and 152nd overall, Coyotes selected Chris Summers and Jordan Bendfeld) picks in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for two second-round picks (previously acquired from Florida and Tampa Bay via Philadelphia; 41st and 47th overall, Red Wings selected Cory Emmerton and Shawn Matthias) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 88th overall, Coyotes selected Jonas Ahnelov) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for two fourth-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Calgary; 115th and 119th overall, Islanders selected Tomas Marciniko and Doug Rogers) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired a first-round pick (25th overall, Blues selected Patrik Berglund) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for first- (previously acquired from Carolina; 30th overall, Devils selected Matthew Corrente) and third-round (previously acquired from Vancouver; 77th overall, Devils selected Vladimir Zharkov) picks in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a first-round pick (16th overall, Sharks selected Ty Wishart) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for first- and second-round picks (20th and 53rd overall, Canadiens David Fischer and Mathieu Carle) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a second-round pick (36th overall, Sharks selected Jamie McGinn) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for third- (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 85th overall, Blue Jackets selected Tommy Sestito) and fourth-round (113th overall, Blue Jackets selected Ben Wright) picks in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (53rd overall, Blue Jackets selected Will Weber) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 98th overall, Sharks selected James Delory) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for fourth- (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 108th overall, Islanders selected Jase Weslovsky) and sixth-round picks (173rd overall, Islanders selected Stefan Ridderwall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired goaltender Andrew Raycroft from the Boston Bruins for the rights to goaltender Tuukka Rask. Acquired a sixth-round pick (161st overall, Maple Leafs selected Viktor Stahlberg) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for two seventh-round picks (the first previously acquired from Boston; 188th and 196th overall, Coyotes selected Chris Frank and Benn Ferriero) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 23, 2006
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a second-round pick (42nd overall, Flyers selected Michael Ratchuk) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings as compensation for the hiring of general manager Dean Lombardi.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired a third-round pick (68th overall, Senators selected Eric Gryba) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Boston Bruins as compensation for the hiring of general manager Peter Chiarelli.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Jeff Jackson director of hockey administration and Dave Morrison head of amateur scouting.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Roberto Luongo, defenseman Lukas Krajicek and a sixth-round pick (163rd overall, Canucks selected Sergei Shirokov) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for right wing Todd Bertuzzi, goaltender Alexander Auld, defenseman Bryan Allen and a conditional sixth-round pick (condition was not fulfilled finally) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. Acquired a third-round pick (82nd overall, Canucks selected Daniel Rahimi) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles; 61st overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks as compensation for the hiring of head coach Randy Carlyle.



Jun 21, 2006
National Hockey League: Approved the sales of the St. Louis Blues and the Phoenix Coyotes.
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wings Brad Larsen and Eric Boulton and center Cory Larose.
Boston Bruins: Named Don Sweeney director of player development.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Kurtis Foster to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Completed agreement to purchase Lowell franchise in the AHL.
San Jose Sharks: Declined their contract option on left wing Scott Thornton.

Jun 20, 2006
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Joe Sakic.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Kirk Muller assistant coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Alain Vigneault head coach.

Jun 19, 2006
Los Angeles Kings: Named Mike O'Connell pro scout and player development consultant.
Minnesota Wild: Exercised their option on center Brian Rolston for the 2007-08 season.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Martin Richter.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed centers Brandon Reid and Brad Moran.

Jun 18, 2006
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Manny Malhotra to a three-year contract.

Jun 16, 2006
Dallas Stars: Named Andy Moog head of player development, Ulf Dahlen assistant coach and Frank Provenzano assistant general manager.

Jun 15, 2006
Boston Bruins: Acquired the rights to right wing Petr Tenkrat from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a seventh-round pick (later traded to Phoenix; 188th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft and signed Tenkrat to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Jody Shelley to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Declined to exercise their option on goaltender Jamie McLennan. Announced that defenseman Sean Hill exercised his player option for the 2006-07 season.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Colton Orr.

Jun 14, 2006
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed left wing Travis Moen to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Exercised their one-year contract option on right wing Jere Lehtinen. Re-signed left wing Niklas Hagman to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Named Chris Snow director of hockey operations. Acquired defenseman Petteri Nummelin from the Atlanta Thrashers for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 67th overall, Thrashers selected Spencer Machacek) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; signed Nummelin to a multi-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Mike Green from the New York Rangers for a conditional pick in tht 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning-Signed center Eric Perrin to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Tommi Santala and a fifth-round pick (145th overall, Canucks selected Charles-Antoine Messier) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Atlanta; 115th overall, Thrashers selected Niklas Lucenius) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 13, 2006
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed right wing Teemu Selanne to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Ron Hextall assistant general manager; named Hextall general manager of Manchester of the AHL.
New Jersey Devils: Named Claude Julien coach.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Dave Brown director of player personnel.

Jun 12, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Mark Hardy assistant coach.

Jun 8, 2006
New York Islanders: Named Neil Smith general manager and Ted Nolan coach.

Jun 7, 2006
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed defenseman Niclas Havelid to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Mark Streit to a two-year contract.

Jun 6, 2006
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Peter Ratchuk.

Jun 5, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Bryan Bickell and right wing Troy Brouwer to three-year contracts and center Jonas Nordqvist to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Steve Begin to a three-year contract, center Garth Murray to a two-year contract and right wing Aaron Downey to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Promoted Paul Fenton to assistant general manager; named Michael Santos director of hockey operations.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defensemen Mark Fraser and Sean Zimmerman and left wing Patrick Davis.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the resignation of assistant coach Wayne Fleming; named John Stevens assistant coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed Ulf Samuelsson to a multi-year contract and named him assistant coach; announced that the contract of associate coach Rick Bowness will not be renewed.

Jun 2, 2006
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Marc-Edouard Vlasic, goaltender Thomas Grei and center Michal Macho.

Jun 1, 2006
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Kris Versteeg to a three-year contact.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Aki Seitsonen.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Michael Vernace from the San Jose Sharks for a sixth-round pick (165th overall, Sharks selected Patrik Zackrisson) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Dan LaCosta, right wing Petr Pohl and defenseman Kyle Wharton to three-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Ned Lukacevic and goaltender Daniel Taylor to multi-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Niklas Backstrom to a multi-year contract.
New York Islanders: Named Bryan Trottier executive director of player development.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Enver Lisin and defenseman Logan Stephenson.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Johan Holmqvist to a one-year contract.

May 31, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Brett Carson and goaltenders Daniel Manzato and Justin Peters.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Chris Chelios to a one-year contract; signed center Evan McGrath, defenseman Jonathan Ericsson and goaltender Stephan Liv to three-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed coach Wayne Gretzky to a five-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Karri Ramo and left wing Radek Smolenek to three-year contracts.

May 30, 2006
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Gregory Stewart and goaltender Loic Lacasse to three-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Jussi Timonen to a two-year contract; signed center Frederik Cabana to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Fredrik Norrena to a one-year contract.

May 29, 2006
Florida Panthers: Signed center Janis Sprukts to a one-year contract.

May 26, 2006
Boston Bruins: Named Peter Chiarelli general manager and signed him to a four-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Adam Berti to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Curtis Joseph to a one-year contract.

May 25, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center/right wing Dave Bolland to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Ray Shero general manager and signed him to a five-year contract.

May 24, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Michael Blunden to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Named Francois Giguere general manager.

May 23, 2006
Dallas Stars: Signed center Joel Lundqvist to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Justin Keller to a three-year contract.

May 22, 2006
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Martins Karsums and center David Krejci to three-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Marc Crawford head coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Brad Richards to a five-year contract; named Steve Stirling head coach for Springfield of the AHL.

May 18, 2006
Nashville Predators: Signed center Vernon Fiddler and defenseman Ville Koistinen to one-year contracts.

May 17, 2006
Dallas Stars: Signed center Perrtu Lindgren to a three-year contract.

May 12, 2006
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the resignation of general manager Pierre Lacroix, who will remain as team president.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Kevin Cormier.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Stanislav Lascek.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Paul Maurice head coach.

May 11, 2006
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Ryan Callahan.

May 9, 2006
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Ryan Parent.

May 8, 2006
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Petr Kalus to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Marek Zidlicky to a four-year contract.

May 6, 2006
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center David Vyborny to a two-year contract.

May 5, 2006
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Patrick Fischer to a multi-year contract; signed defenseman Keith Yandle.

May 4, 2006
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Luc Bourdon to a three-year contract.

May 3, 2006
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed left wing Drew Miller.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Drew Stafford to a three-year contract.

May 1, 2006
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Tyler Spurgeon to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Benoit Pouliot to a multi-year contract.

Apr 25, 2006
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Magnus Kahnberg to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Fired head coach Marc Crawford.

Apr 20, 2006
New York Rangers: Signed center Brandon Dubinsky.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced that the contract of general manager Craig Patrick will not be renewed.
St. Louis Blues: Exercised the 2006-07 contract option on left wing Keith Tkachuk.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Fired head coach Pat Quinn.

Apr 18, 2006
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Rostislav Klesla to a four-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Fired general manager Dave Taylor, assistant general manager Kevin Gilmore and director of player personnel Bill O'Flaherty.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Chris Harrington.

Apr 17, 2006
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Chad Kilger to a three-year contract.

Apr 16, 2006
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Robbie Earl to a three-year contract.

Apr 15, 2006
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Zbynek Michalek to a four-year contract.

Apr 14, 2006
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Matt Smaby to a three-year contract.

Apr 12, 2006
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Peter Harrold to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Lauri Korpikoski, right wing Greg Moore and left wing Dane Byers.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Aubin to a one-year contract.

Apr 11, 2006
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Alexander Semin to a two-year contract, beginning next season.

Apr 10, 2006
Buffalo Sabres: Extended their minor-league affiliation with Rochester of the AHL for one year.
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of left wing Luc Robitaille at the end of the season.

Apr 9, 2006
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Dan Spang.

Apr 8, 2006
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Devin Setoguchi.

Apr 5, 2006
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Danny Irmen to a multi-year contract.

Apr 4, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced an affiliate agreement with Albany of the AHL.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Konstantin Pushkarev to Manchester of the AHL.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Andy Greene.

Apr 1, 2006
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed goaltender David McKee to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Jamie Hunt and right wing Matt Stefanishion to two-year contracts.

Mar 31, 2006
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Daniel Winnik.

Mar 30, 2006
New York Islanders: Signed center Ryan O'Marra to a three-year contract.

Mar 29, 2006
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Ryan Potulny to a two-year contract.

Mar 27, 2006
Calgary Flames: Signed center Dustin Boyd.
Dallas Stars: Exercised its one-year option on head coach Dave Tippett. Signed associate coach Rick Wilson, assistant coach Mark Lamb and goaltendending coach Andy Moog to two-year contract extensions.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Bill Thomas.

Mar 25, 2006
Boston Bruins: Fired general manager and vice president Mike O'Connell; promoted assistant general manager Jeff Gorton to interim general manager.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Mikael Samuelsson to a three-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Kyle Chipchura to a three-year contract.

Mar 24, 2006
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Matt Lashoff to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the sale of the team to Dave Checketts and Sports Capital Partners.

Mar 23, 2006
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Per-Johan Axelsson to a three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Denis Gauthier to a three-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Darren Machesney to a three-year contract.

Mar 22, 2006
Los Angeles Kings: Named John Torchetti interim head coach.

Mar 21, 2006
Los Angeles Kings: Fired head coach Andy Murray and assistant coach John Van Boxmeer.

Mar 19, 2006
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Matt Carle.

Mar 18, 2006
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Tim Thomas to a three-year contract extension.

Mar 14, 2006
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Stephen Werner to a two-year contract.

Mar 9, 2006
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired left wing Jeff Friesen from the Washington Capitals for a second-round pick (52nd overall, Capitals selected Keith Seabrook) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Sean O'Donnell from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Joel Perrault.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Steve McCarthy from the Vancouver Canucks for a fourth-round pick (later traded back to Atlanta; 115th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Jamie Lundmark from the Phoenix Coyotes for a fourth-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders; 119th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Mark Recchi from the Pittsburgh Penguins for left wing Niklas Nordgren, center Krystofer Kolanos and a second-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia via San Jose and Washington; 41st overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Jim Dowd from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Toronto; 111th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Cory Cross from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fourth-round pick (118th overall, Penguins selected Alex Grant) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Sergei Samsonov from the Boston Bruins for centers Marty Reasoner and Yan Stastny and a second-round pick (50th overall, Bruins selected Milan Lucic) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defensemen Martin Skoula and Shawn Belle from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Willie Mitchell and a second-round pick (50th overall, Stars selected Nico Sacchetti) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Todd Simpson from the Chicago Blackhawks for a sixth-round pick (169th overall, Blackhawks selected Chris Auger) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Brendan Witt from the Washington Capitals for center Kris Beech and a first-round pick (23rd overall, Capitals selected Semen Varlamov) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Jason Wiemer from the Calgary Flames for a fourth-round pick (118th overall, Flames selected Hugo Carpentier) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Brad Lukowich from the New York Islanders for a third-round pick (later traded to Phoenix; 88th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Sandis Ozolinsh from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 83rd overall, Mighty Ducks selected John Degray) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Tyler Arnason from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Brandon Bochenski and a second-round pick (61st overall, Blackhawks selected Simon Danis-Pepin) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; claimed goaltender Mike Morrison off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Niko Dimitriakos from the San Jose Sharks for a third-round pick (later traded to Columbus; 85th overall); acquired defenseman Denis Gauthier from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Josh Gratton, and two second-round picks (previously acquired from Florida and Tampa Bay, both later traded to Detroit; 41st and 47th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing Oleg Kvasha and a fifth-round pick (130th overall, Coyotes selected Brett Bennett) from the New York Islanders for a third-round pick (later traded to Boston; 71st overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Yanick Lehoux from the Los Angeles Kings for right wing Tim Jackman; acquired defenseman Jamie Rivers from the Detroit Red Wings for a seventh-round pick (191st overall, Red Wings selected Nick Oslund) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed center Andy Hilbert off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Eric Weinrich from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Tomas Mojzis and a third-round pick (later traded to New Jersey; 77th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defensemen Keith Carney and Juha Alen from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenseman Brett Skinner and a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 38th overall, Ducks selected Bryce Swan) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Sean Brown from the New Jersey Devils for a fourth-round pick (107th overall, Devils selected T.J. Miller) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Mika Noronen from the Buffalo Sabres for a second-round pick (46th overall, Sabres selected Jhonas Enroth) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Claimed center Rico Fata off waivers from the Atlanta Thrashers.

Mar 8, 2006
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Bobby Ryan to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Claimed right wing Mariusz Czerkawski off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Jose Theodore from the Montreal Canadiens for goaltender David Aebischer.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired goaltender Dwayne Roloson from the Minnesota Wild for a first-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles; 17th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to Atlanta; 67th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; waived goaltender Mike Morrison.
Florida Panthers: Claimed defenseman Jamie Allison off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired right wing Mark Parrish and defenseman Brent Sopel from the New York Islanders for defenseman Denis Grebeshkov and left wing Jeff Tambellini.
Philadelphia Flyers: Waived right wing Turner Stevenson.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Steven Reinprecht and defenseman Derek Morris to three-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Ville Nieminen from the New York Rangers for a third-round pick (later traded to Anaheim; 83rd overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Luke Richardson from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fifth-round pick (136th overall, Blue Jackets selected Nick Sucharski) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Aleksander Suglobov from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Ken Klee. Signed left wing Alex Foster.

-----

Mar 7, 2006
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Radek Martinek to a two-year contract extension, through the 2007-08 season.

Mar 6, 2006
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Mattias Norstrom to a two-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Shawn Bates to a three-year contract.

Mar 5, 2006
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Rem Murray to a one-year contract.

Mar 4, 2006
Minnesota Wild: Claimed right wing Mattias Weinhandl off waivers from the New York Islanders.

Mar 3, 2006
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Philippe Boucher to a three-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Manny Fernandez to a multi-year contract extension.

Mar 2, 2006
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman James Stanford to a two-year contract.

Mar 1, 2006
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired goaltender Jani Hurme from the Atlanta Thrashers for center Joel Stepp.

Feb 28, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Ralph Krueger and Chris McAlpine to the scouting staff.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Cam Severson from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Cale Hulse.

Feb 27, 2006
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Vesa Toskala to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 25, 2006
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of center Kevin Colley.

Feb 22, 2006
Washington Capitals: Signed defensemen Jamie Heward and Bryan Muir to one-year contract extensions.

Feb 15, 2006
Dallas Stars: Claimed left wing Jeremy Stevenson off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Feb 11, 2006
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Saku Koivu to a three-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Tomas Kaberle to a five-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Olaf Kolzig to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 8, 2006
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Zdenek Blatny from the Boston Bruins for goaltender Brian Eklund.

Feb 7, 2006
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Jonathan Cheechoo to a five-year contract extension and goaltender Evgeni Nabokov to a four-year contract extension.

Feb 3, 2006
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed goaltender Craig Anderson off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Joakim Lindstrom.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Freddy Meyer to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Doug Doull from the Phoenix Coyotes for defenseman Dwayne Zinger.

Feb 1, 2006
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Brian Boucher and left wing Mike Leclerc from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Steven Reinprecht and goaltender Philippe Sauve.

Jan 31, 2006
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed left wing Rico Fata off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Boston Bruins: Claimed right wing Josh Langfeld off waivers from the San Jose Sharks.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed goaltender Craig Anderson off waivers from the Boston Bruins.

Jan 30, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Doug Weight and left wing Erkki Rajamaki from the St. Louis Blues for right wing Jesse Boulerice, center Mike Zigomanis, left wing Magnus Kahnberg, first- (later traded to New Jersey) and fourth-round (previously acquired from Toronto; 106th overall, Blues selected Reto Berra) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago; 96th overall, Blues selected Cade Fairhild) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 29, 2006
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Mike Sillinger from the St. Louis Blues for right wing Timofei Shishkanov.

Jan 28, 2006
Nashville Predators: Claimed left wing Simon Gamache off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.

Jan 27, 2006
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Martin Brodeur to a five-year contract extension.

Jan 26, 2006
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Dick Tarnstrom from the Pittsburgh Penguins for left wing Jani Rita and defenseman Cory Cross. Acquired defenseman Jaroslav Spacek from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Tony Salmelainen.

Jan 24, 2006
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Martin Sonenberg from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Jeff Taffe.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of center Mario Lemieux.

Jan 23, 2006
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed right wing Aaron Downey off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Jon Sim from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick (161st overall, Flyers selected Patrick Maroon) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 20, 2006
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Anton Babchuk from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Danny Richmond and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus, later traded to Toronto; 99th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Dennis Seidenberg and a fourth-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders; 115th overall) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Petr Nedved and a fourth-round pick (101st overall, Flyers selected Joonas Lehtivuori) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. The original agreement allowed Philadelphiy to switch fourth-round picks in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft and third-round picks (which they finally didn't) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft for Phoenix's picks in each of these rounds.

Jan 19, 2006
Boston Bruins: Claimed goaltender Craig Anderson off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.

Jan 18, 2006
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of right wing Zigmund Palffy; acquired defenseman Eric Cairns from the Florida Panthers for a sixth-round pick (155th overall, Panthers selected Peter Aston) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 16, 2006
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Mike Iggulden to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Yan Stastny from the Boston Bruins for a fifth-round pick (130th overall, Bruins selected Denis Reul) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 14, 2006
Montreal Canadiens: Fired head coach Claude Julien and assistant coach Rick Green. Named general manager Bob Gainey interim coach and Guy Carbonneau assistant coach.

Jan 12, 2006
New York Islanders: Fired head coach Steve Stirling; named Brad Shaw head coach. Announced the resignation of general manager Mike Milbury.

Jan 10, 2006
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Janne Niinimaa and a fifth-round pick (136th overall, Stars selected Ondrej Roman) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for defenseman John Erskine and a second-round pick (60th overall, Islanders selected Jesse Joensuu) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Named Blair Mackasey director of professional scouting.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Waived left wing Dave Andreychuk.

Jan 9, 2006
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Andre Benoit to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Alexander Radulov.

Jan 8, 2006
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Petr Sykora and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers, later traded to Washington; 108th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Mighty Duckes for defenseman Maxim Kondratiev.

Jan 5, 2006
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Marty Turco to a four-year contract extension.

Jan 4, 2006
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Connor James to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Waived right wing Alexander Mogilny.
