Dec 31, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Maxim Lapierre from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Brett Festerling and a fifth-round pick (later traded back to Anaheim) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Waived center Steve Reinprecht.

Dec 29, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Devante Smith-Pelly to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Trevor Daley to a six-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Claimed right wing Marek Svatos off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
New Jersey Devils: Placed left wing Brian Rolston on re-entry waivers.

Dec 28, 2010
Calgary Flames: Announced the resignation of general manager Darryl Sutter; named assistant general manager Jay Feaster acting general manager.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman James Wisniewski from the New York Islanders for a second-round pick (previously acquired as compensation for not signing their first-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, David Fischer; 50th overall, Islanders selected Johan Sundstrom) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional fifth-round pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 27, 2010
Nashville Predators: Signed center Chris Mueller.

Dec 23, 2010
New Jersey Devils: Fired head coach John MacLean; named Jacques Lemaire head coach.
Washington Capitals: Announced the retirement of right wing Scott Walker.

Dec 21, 2010
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Ryan Howse.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Extended their affiliation agreement with Springfield of the AHL through the 2011-12 season.

Dec 17, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Ryan Johnson to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman John Erskine to a two-year contract extension.

Dec 14, 2010
New Jersey Devils: Waived left wing Brian Rolston.

Dec 11, 2010
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Marco Sturm from the Boston Bruins for future considerations.

Dec 9, 2010
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Jeff LoVecchio and right wing Jordan Knackstedt from the Boston Bruins for defenseman Sean Zimmerman and a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Levi Nelson from the Boston Bruins for left wing Juraj Simek.

Dec 8, 2010
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of right wing Jere Lehtinen.

Dec 6, 2010
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of right wing Bill Guerin.

Dec 2, 2010
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Brett Flemming to a three-year contract.

Nov 30, 2010
New York Islanders: Signed center Jeremy Colliton to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Tomas Fleischmann from the Washington Capitals for defenseman Scott Hannan.

Nov 29, 2010
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Matt Hunwick from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Colby Cohen.

Nov 26, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Garnet Exelby, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Nov 23, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Nigel Williams from the New York Rangers for defenseman Stu Bickel.
Minnesota Wild: Claimed center Patrick O'Sullivan off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Michael Ryan, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.

Nov 22, 2010
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Ryan Carter from the Anaheim Ducks for centers Stefan Chaput and Matt Kennedy.

Nov 21, 2010
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Rob Bordson and defenseman Danny Syvret from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing Patrick Maroon and right wing David Laliberte.

Nov 17, 2010
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Ian White and center Brett Sutter from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Anton Babchuk and right wing Tom Kostopoulos.

Nov 16, 2010
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed left wing Troy Bodie off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Nov 15, 2010
New York Islanders: Fired head coach Scott Gordon; named Jack Capuano interim head coach.

Nov 13, 2010
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Jeff Carter to an eleven-year contract extension.

Nov 12, 2010
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender David Leggio.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing David Backes to a five-year contract extension.

Nov 11, 2010
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Ryan O'Byrne from the Montreal Canadiens for center Michael Bournival.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Chad Kolarik from the Columbus Blue Jackets for left wing Dane Byers.

Nov 8, 2010
Montreal Canadiens: Waived center Dustin Boyd.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Claude Giroux to a multi-year contract extension. Fired head coach Greg Gilbert of Adirondack of the AHL; named assistant general manager John Paddock interim head coach at Adirondack.

Nov 4, 2010
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Jack Campbell to a three-year contract.

Oct 31, 2010
Phoenix Coyotes: Released center Dusty Collins.

Oct 29, 2010
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Mark Giordano to a five-year contract extension.

Oct 23, 2010
Los Angeles Kings: Released goaltender Erik Ersberg.

Oct 20, 2010
Nashville Predators: Signed center Steve Begin, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.

Oct 19, 2010
Calgary Flames: Claimed defenseman Brendan Mikkelson off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Oct 16, 2010
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Joe Thornton to a three-year contract extension through 2013-14.

Oct 15, 2010
Dallas Stars: Named Gary Roberts player development consultant.

Oct 13, 2010
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced a marketing/player affiliation agreement with Arizona of the CHL.

Oct 12, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Igor Bobkov to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of left wing Kirk Maltby.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Adam Mair, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Waived defenseman Jeff Finger.

Oct 11, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Andreas Lilja, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Brian McGrattan, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed head coach Mike Babcock to a four-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed president of business operations Luc Robitaille to a multi-year contract extension; promoted Chris McGowan to chief operating officer.

Oct 9, 2010
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Zdeno Chara to a seven-year contract extension through the 2018-19 season.

Oct 8, 2010
Boston Bruins: Signed center Patrice Bergeron to a three-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Brandon Gormley.

Oct 7, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced a working agreement with the Fort Wayne of the CHL for the 2010-11 season.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Nathan Paetsch from Florida for defenseman Sean Zimmerman.

Oct 6, 2010
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Jordan Nolan to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired left wing Andrew Peters from the Florida Panthers for left wing Darcy Hordichuk.

Oct 5, 2010
Buffalo Sabres: Waived center Matt Ellis.
Calgary Flames: Waived center/left wing Brett Sutter.
Chicago Blackhawks: Waived center Ryan Potulny and defenseman Jassen Cullimore.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Waived right wing/center Michael Blunden and defenseman Nate Guenin.
Detroit Red Wings: Waived right wing Kirk Maltby and defenseman Derek Meech.
Minnesota Wild: Waived defenseman Drew Bagnall and left wing Matt Kassian.
Montreal Canadiens: Waived defenseman Alex Henry and goaltender Curtis Sanford.
Nashville Predators: Waived defenseman Alexander Sulzer.
New York Islanders: Waived center Andy Hilbert and defenseman Rob Davison; claimed right wing Michael Grabner off waivers from the Florida Panthers.
New York Rangers: Waived left wing Tim Kennedy and center Todd White.
Ottawa Senators: Waived defenseman David Hale.
Phoenix Coyotes: Waived center Andrew Ebbett.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Waived center Ryan Craig and defenseman Andrew Hutchinson.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed center Mattias Ritola off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings; waived defenseman Mathieu Roy; released center Eric Perrin.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Ryan Parent and left wing Jonas Andersson from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Shane O'Brien and right wing Dan Gendur; waived left wing Jeff Tambellini.
Washington Capitals: Waived defensemen Patrick McNeill and Brian Fahey, center Steve Pinnizotto and right wing Andrew Gordon.

Oct 4, 2010
Calgary Flames: Signed center Brendan Morrison, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Jonathan Bernieron to a two-year contract extension through the 2012-13 season.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Ruslan Fedotenko, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Philipp Grubauer to a three-year contract.

Oct 3, 2010
New York Islanders: Released centers Dean McAmmond and Krys Kolanos, right wing Jed Ortmeyer, defenseman Anders Eriksson, and goaltender Manny Legace.

Oct 2, 2010
Buffalo Sabres: Released right wing Mark Parrish.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Waived centers Tom Sestito and Ben Guite; released center Dan Fritsche.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Jose Theodore, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.

Oct 1, 2010
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of left wing Darcy Tucker.
Phoenix Coyotes: Released center Kyle Wellwood.

Sep 30, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Waived defensemen Brett Festerling and Danny Syvret.
Edmonton Oilers: Waived defenseman Sheldon Souray and goaltender Martin Gerber.

Sep 29, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Waived center Trevor Frischmon and defenseman Jonathan.

Sep 28, 2010
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Luke Walker.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Mike Mottau to a two-year contract.

Sep 27, 2010
Buffalo Sabres: Released goaltender Zane Kalemba.
Minnesota Wild: Waived left wings Jon DiSalvatore, Robbie Earl and Peter Kalus and center Warren Peters.
New York Rangers: Released defensemen Garnet Exelby, Brandon Manning and Alexei Semenov.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Matt Hendricks, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.

Sep 26, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Released left wing Stephane Veilleux.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of defenseman Mathieu Dandenault.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Released right wing Matt Fornataro and left wing Tim Marks.

Sep 25, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Released centers Rastislav Pavlikovsky and Nick Tarnasky and defenseman Wade Brookbank.
New York Rangers: Waived defenseman Wade Redden.

Sep 24, 2010
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Andrew Crescenzi to a three-year contract.

Sep 23, 2010
Minnesota Wild: Signed defensemen Josh Caron, Colton Jobke and Jared Spurgeon.

Sep 22, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Released center Andre Deveaux and defenseman Kyle McLaren.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Michal Neuvirth to a two-year contract extension.

Sep 21, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Released center Steele Boomer and defenseman Dallas Jackson.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of left wing Brad May.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Nino Niederreiter to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender J.P. Anderson, left wing Curt Gogol and center Michael Sgarbossa.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Tom Poti to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Brandon Anderson to a three-year contract.

Sep 20, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Steve Mason to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed general manager Ray Shero to a five-year contract extension through the 2015-16 season.
St. Louis Blues: Released center Nick MacNeil.

Sep 17, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Matt Beleskey to a two-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Patrick O'Sullivan, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.

Sep 16, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Paul Mara, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed head coach Joel Quenneville to a contract extension through the 2013-14 season.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Brendan Morrison to a professional tryout contract.

Sep 15, 2010
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Marc Staal to a five-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Charles Landry to a three-year contract.

Sep 14, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Bobby Ryan to a five-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Eric Belanger, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.

Sep 13, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing Niclas Bergfors to a one-year contract.

Sep 10, 2010
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Alex Hutchings.

Sep 9, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wing Nigel Dawes, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Ryan Potulny, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Ryan Johansen to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced they have extended their affiliation agreement with Las Vegas of the ECHL.

Sep 8, 2010
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Kirk Maltby to a one-year contract.

Sep 7, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Promoted Stan Bowman to vice president/general manager, Jay Blunk to executive vice president, Kevin Cheveldayoff to assistant general manager/senior director of hockey operations, Al MacIsaac to vice president/assistant to the president and Chris Werner to vice president of ticket operations and customer service.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Jeff Halpern, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Frantz Jean goaltending consultant.

Sep 6, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wing Fredrik Modin, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.

Sep 3, 2010
Boston Bruins: Signed center Wyatt Smith, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Mike Comrie to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Steve Thomas player development consultant.

Sep 2, 2010
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Chris Stewart to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed goaltender Carey Price to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Antti Niemi, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.

Sep 1, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired right wing Ian McKenzie from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Grant Lewis.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named defenseman Steve Poapst assistant coach for Rockford of the AHL.
San Jose Sharks: Announced Greg Jamison is relinquishing his duties as president and chief executive officer, effective Oct 1, 2010.

Aug 31, 2010
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Matt Ellis to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Brandon Pirri to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of right wing Jere Lehtinen.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of defenseman Chris Chelios and named him adviser to hockey operations.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Aaron Johnson, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Doug Weight to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Named Dan Brooks assistant coach and Evan Levy strength and conditioning coach for Peoria of the AHL.

Aug 30, 2010
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Tim Kennedy, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed right Lee Stempniak to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing David Spina.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Christian Hanson to a one-year contract.

Aug 28, 2010
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Clarke MacArthur, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a one-year contract.

Aug 27, 2010
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Mike Flanagan assistant coach for Norfolk of the AHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Matt Lashoff from the Tampa Bay Lightning for right wing Alex Berry and left wing Stefano Giliati.

Aug 26, 2010
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Colin Stuart, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Nicklas Grossman to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defensemen Tyler Eckford, Mark Fayne, Olivier Magnan-Grenier and Harry Young, left wings Jean-Sebastien Berube and Chad Wiseman, right wing Patrick Davis, and centers Stephen Gionta and Tim Sestito.
Ottawa Senators: Named Steve Stirling assistant coach for Binghamton of the AHL.

Aug 25, 2010
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Willie Mitchell, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Steve Downie to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Randy Jones, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Raffi Torres, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.

Aug 24, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Aaron Ward.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Andrey Zubarev.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Fernando Pisani, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Patric Hornqvist to a three-year contract.

Aug 23, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed center Bryan Little.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Justin Abdelkader to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Brian Pellerin assistant coach of San Antonio of the AHL.

Aug 20, 2010
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Arron Asham, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.

Aug 19, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Freddy Meyer, who had been with the New York Islanders; named Clint Malarchuk goaltending consultant.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Andrew Peters, who had been with the New Jersey Devils.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Bill Sweatt.

Aug 18, 2010
Calgary Flames: Named Michel Goulet western professional scout and Ari Haanpaa and Fred Parker amateur scouts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Fernando Pisani, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Ben Guite, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed centers Andy Hilbert and Rob Hilsey on one-year contracts.

Aug 17, 2010
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Sean Bergenheim, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.

Aug 16, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Nick Boynton to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Al Murray director of amateur scouting; acquired goaltender Cedrick Desjardins from Montreal for goaltender Karri Ramo.

Aug 12, 2010
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed coach Kevin Dineen and assistant coach Eric Weinrich of Portland of the AHL.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Craig Conroy to a one-year contract.

Aug 11, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Mark Mancari to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Jordan Hendry to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Dean Arsene.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Juraj Simek to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Jerry D'Amigo to a three-year contract.

Aug 10, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Mike Blunden to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Jamie Tardiff to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Named Rick Wilson assistant coach.

Aug 9, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Teemu Selanne to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Ruslan Salei, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Liam Reddox to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Mark Dekanich to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of left wing Riley Cote; named Cote assistant coach of Adirondack of the AHL.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Radko Gudas to a three-year contract; named Jon Cooper coach of Norfolk of the AHL.

Aug 6, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Chris Chelios.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Martin Gerber to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center John Madden, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Named Kurt Kleinendorst coach of Binghamton of the AHL and signed him to a two-year contract through the 2011-12 season.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Steven Zalewski and defenseman Derek Joslin to one-year contracts.

Aug 5, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Marc-Andre Gragnani to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Mike Santorelli from the Nashville Predators for a conditional fourth-round pick (condition unknown; 94th overall, Predators selected Josh Shalla) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Geoff Kinrade to a one-year contract; signed left wing Corey Cowick; signed defenseman Andre Benoit, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.

Aug 4, 2010
Boston Bruins: Named Doug Jarvis assistant coach.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed centers Evan Brophey and Nathan Davis, right wing Hugh Jessiman, defenseman Jassen Cullimore and goaltender Hannu Toivonen to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Darren Helm to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defensemen David Hale and Francis Lessard, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning and Phoenix Coyotes, to one-year contracts; named Rob Murphy professional scout.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Dave Scatchard, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract; named Bill Armstrong director of amateur scouting.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Jamal Mayers, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Mario Bliznak and defenseman Sean Zimmerman.

Aug 3, 2010
Boston Bruins: Signed center Tyler Seguin to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Igor Makarov to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Rob Riley coach of Springfield of the AHL.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Mike Modano, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Mike Weaver, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Joe Callahan, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Jon Sim to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Graham Mink from the Florida Panthers for defenseman T.J. Fast.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Michael Angelidis, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Fired assistant coach Ryan Walter; named Newell Brown assistant coach; re-signed associate coach Rick Bowness and assistant coach Darryl Williams.

Aug 2, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Andy Sutton, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Shaone Morrisonn, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract; waived left wing Tim Kennedy.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Marty Turco, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Bought out the contract of defenseman Brendan Witt.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Todd White from the Atlanta Thrashers for left wings Donald Brashear and Patrick Rissmiller.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Erik Johnson to a two-year contract.

Jul 31, 2010
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed goaltender Jeff Deslauriers to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Alexandre Picard, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Todd Reirden assistant coach.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Devin Setoguchi to a one-year contract.

Jul 30, 2010
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Blake Wheeler to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Ian White to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Nick Leddy to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Alex Henry to a two-year contract; signed center Louis Leblanc to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman James Wisniewski from the Anaheim Ducks for a conditional third-round pick (New York Islanders needs to determine if they send their own or the pick previously acquired from Colorado; 65th overall, Ducks selected Joseph Cramarossa) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Chris Campoli to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Dominic Moore, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract.

Jul 29, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wings Andrew Ladd and Ben Eager to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Peter Mannino to a multi-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Peter Regin to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Jason Demers to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Vladimir Mihalik to a one-year contract; signed defensemen Mathieu Roy and Mike Vernace to one-year contracts; announced a one-year affiliation agreement with Florida of the ECHL.

Jul 28, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Cam Fowler to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Bryan Bickell to a three-year contract and right wing Jack Skille to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Anton Stralman to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Mark Fraser to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Named Rick Wamsley goaltending coach.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired left wing Stefan Della Rovere from the Washington Capitals for center D.J. King.

Jul 27, 2010
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Gilbert Brule to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Alexei Ponikarovsky, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Ryan Jankowski and Serge Boisvert amateur scouts, Christer Rockstrom European leagues scout, Vaughn Karpan professional scout, Pierre Allard strength and conditioning coach and Ken Morin director of hockey information.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Matt Moulson to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Alexander Frolov, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Bracken Kearns to a one-year contract.

Jul 26, 2010
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Ryan Parent to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Alexandre Picard to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Tod Leiweke chief executive officer.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of defenseman Mike Van Ryn.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Mason Raymond to a two-year contract.

Jul 25, 2010
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Chris Durno to a one-year contract.

Jul 24, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Hugh Jessiman, who had been with the Nashville Predators.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Mark Cullen, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks.

Jul 23, 2010
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Fabian Brunnstrom to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Wayne Fleming assistant coach; signed center Marc-Antoine Pouliot, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.

Jul 22, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed goaltender Ondrej Pavelec to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Jean-Philippe Lamoureux, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Jeff Taffe from the Florida Panthers for center Marty Reasoner.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Grant Clitsome to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Mike Hoffman; re-signed center Cody Bass to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed Dan Jancevski, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Jannik Hansen to a one-year contract.

Jul 21, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Danny Syvret, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Patrick Kaleta to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Jeremy Yablonski, who had been with the Ottawa Senators.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Nick Foligno to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing David Perron to a two-year contract.

Jul 20, 2010
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Stefan Meyer, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Brett Carson to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Cedrick Desjardins and center Ryan Russell to one-year contracts; named Randy Cunneyworth head coach and Randy Ladouceur assistant coach of Hamilton of the AHL.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Norm Gosselin amateur scout.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Daniel Lacroix and Martin Raymond assistant coaches.

Jul 19, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Tomas Zaborsky from the New York Rangers for defenseman Matt McCue.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Riley Nash to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Ilya Kovalchuk to a seventeen-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Ryan Reaves to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Simon Gagne from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Matt Walker and a fourth-round pick (118th overall, Flyers selected Marcel Noebels) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 17, 2010
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Brad Richardson to a one-year contract.

Jul 16, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Chad Kolarik to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Sergei Kolosov to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Greg Stewart, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Larry Carriere assistant general manager and director of player personnel.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Jamie Lundmark, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Corey Potter, who had been with the New York Rangers.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center T.J. Hensick to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Julien BriseBois assistant general manager and general manager of Norfolk of the AHL; re-signed centers Paul Szczechura and Nate Thompson to one-year contracts.

Jul 15, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Brendan Mikkelson to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Gregory Campbell and defenseman Adam McQuaid to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Andrew Bodnarchuk and left wing Jeff LoVecchio to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Tom Sestito to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Brad Lukowich, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Derek Meech to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Kelly Buchberger and Steve Smith assistant coaches and Todd Nelson head coach of Oklahoma City of the AHL.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wings Mike Duco and Kenndal McArdle and goaltender Tyler Plante to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Mikko Koivu to a seven-year contract extension through the 2017-18 season; re-signed goaltender Anton Khudobin to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Alexander Avtsin to a three-year contract; re-signed center David Desharnais to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Mike Sauer.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Dan Jancevski, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing T.J. Trevelyan to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Tyson Strachan to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Blair Jones to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Danny Richmond, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, and center Mike Zigomanis.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Jay Beagle to a two-year contract; signed right wing Andrew Gordon, center Andrew Joudrey, and defensemen Patrick McNeill and Zach Miskovic to one-year contracts.

Jul 14, 2010
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Jean-Francois Jacques to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Joel Broda to a three-year contract; re-signed goaltender Josh Harding to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Brodie Dupont.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Ray Edwards head coach and Jeff Truitt assistant coach of San Antonio of the AHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Marcel Mueller to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Brian Willsie, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.

Jul 13, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Jared Boll to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Shawn Bell, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Named Ricard Persson amateur scout.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Maxim Lapierre, defenseman Mathieu Carle and right wing J.T. Wyman to one-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Roman Wick to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Derek Smith to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed left wing Dan Carcillo to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Chris Conner to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of D Darryl Sydor; re-signed center Nicholas Drazenovic.

Jul 12, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Mike Kitchen assistant coach; re-signed assistant coach Mike Haviland.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Jeremy Williams, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Sean Sullivan, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Nathan Oystrick, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Shane O'Brien to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Tanner Glass and center Alexandre Bolduc.

Jul 11, 2010
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Tyler Weiman, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche.

Jul 10, 2010
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Greg Moore, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.

Jul 9, 2010
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Mark Stuart to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Ben Ondrus, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Brett Palin, who had been with the Calgary Flames.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Dylan Reese to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Steve Eminger from the Anaheim Ducks for right wing Aaron Voros and left wing Ryan Hillier; re-signed defenseman Dan Girardi.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Nikolai Zherdev to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Brennan Evans, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks.

Jul 8, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Named John Torchetti assistant coach.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed goaltender Patrick Lalime to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Derek Clancey director of pro scouting.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Eric Fehr to a two-year contract.

Jul 7, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Jaime Sifers, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed center Jared Ross, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers; re-signed left wing Eric Boulton.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Rob Niedermayer, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Joe Corvo, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Brandon Yip to a two-year contract; signed center Ben Walter, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender David LeNeveu to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Patrick Eaves to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Nathan Paetsch, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Dennis Endras to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Corey Locke, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Andrew Hutchinson, who had been with the Dallas Stars.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Jay Leach to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Brett Lebda, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Jeff Schultz to a four-year contract; signed left wing Kyle Greentree, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Brian Fahey, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.

Jul 6, 2010
Calgary Flames: Signed center Ryan Stone, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Jaroslav Halak to a four-year contract.

Jul 5, 2010
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed goaltender Justin Peters to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Bob Boughner assistant coach.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Taylor Hall to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Brett Clark, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract.

Jul 3, 2010
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Nathan McIver, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Alexandre Giroux, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Mathieu Beaudoin, defensemen Garrett Stafford and Nolan Yonkman and goaltender Matt Climie.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Brett Sterling, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.

Jul 2, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Trevor Smith, who had been with the New York Islanders.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Cody McCormick to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wings Raitis Ivanans and Tim Jackman, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings and New York Islanders, to two-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman John Scott to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Kyle Quincey and center Daniel Winnik to two-year contracts; signed defenseman David Liffiton, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed right wings Greg Mauldin and David van der Gulik, who had been with the New York Islanders and the Calgary Flames, to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Jason Bacashihua, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Joey MacDonald, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks; signed center Jamie Johnson, who had been with the Florida Panthers; signed center Chris Minard, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Jason Strudwick to a one-year contract; signed left wing Steve MacIntyre, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Richard Petiot to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Christopher Higgins, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Bill Thomas and left wing Triston Grant.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Nate Guenin and centers Trevor Frischmon and Kyle Wilson to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Warren Peters, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Drew Bagnall, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Matthew Lombardi, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Bought out the contract of left wing Andrew Peters.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Mark Eaton, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Milan Jurcina, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; signed right wings Pierre-Alexandre Parenteau and Zenon Konopka, who had been with the New York Rangers and the Tampa Bay Lightning, to one-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Andrew Ebbett, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Sami Lepisto and goaltender Al Montoya to one-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Ryan Craig, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Brad Winchester to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Pavel Kubina, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a two-year contract; signed center Niklas Persson to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Nikolai Kulemin to a two-year contract; re-signed center John Mitchell to a one-year contract; signed right wing Joseph Crabb, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Dany Sabourin, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.

Jul 1, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Toni Lydman, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a three-year contract; re-signed center Saku Koivu to a two-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired left wing Andrew Ladd from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Ivan Vishnevsky and a second-round pick (36th overall, Blackhawks selected Adam Clendening) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; signed goaltender Chris Mason, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a two-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed left wing Dan Paille to a two-year contract; signed left wing Jeremy Reich, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Jordan Leopold, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Olli Jokinen, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Alex Tanguay, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Anton Babchuk to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman/left wing John Scott, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Adam Burish, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Andrew Raycroft, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Kurtis Foster, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Matt Cullen, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a three-year contract; signed left wing Eric Nystrom, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a three-year contract; re-signed left wing Guillaume Latendresse to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Alex Auld, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender Curtis Sanford and center Dustin Boyd to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Teemu Laakso to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Anton Volchenkov, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a six-year contract; signed defenseman Henrik Tallinder, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Johan Hedberg, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Derek Boogaard, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Martin Biron, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Vaclav Prospal to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Sergei Gonchar, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Andrej Meszaros from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a second-round pick (later traded to Nashville) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Jody Shelley, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Sean O'Donnell, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Ray Whitney, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Derek Morris to a four-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Paul Martin, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a five-year contract; signed defenseman Zbynek Michalek, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a four-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Antero Niittymaki, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Dan Ellis, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Colby Armstrong, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Dan Hamhuis, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a six-year contract; signed left wing Jeff Tambellini, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract; signed center Manny Malhotra, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a three-year contract; signed center Joel Perrault, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract.

Jun 30, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Jason Jaffray and a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for left wing Logan MacMillan and a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of center Rod Brind'Amour.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed left wing Ethan Moreau off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.
New Jersey Devils: Waived left wing Andrew Peters.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Patrick O'Sullivan from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Jim Vandermeer.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Kris Versteeg and left wing Bill Sweatt from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Viktor Stalberg and centers Philippe Paradis and Christopher DiDomenico.

Jun 29, 2010
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Krys Barch to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Sergei Kostitsyn and future considerations from the Montreal Canadiens for goaltender Dan Ellis, center Dustin Boyd and future considerations.

Jun 26, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired two sixth-round picks (the latter previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 155th and 160th overall, Thrashers selected Kendall McFaull and Tanner Lane) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for a fifth-round pick (127th overall, Islanders selected Brenden Kichton) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman David Warsofsky from the St. Louis Blues for center Vladimir Sobotka; acquired a seventh-round pick (210th overall, Bruins selected Zach Trotman) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for a seventh-round pick (211th overall, Blackhawks selected Johan Mattsson) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Henrik Karlsson from the San Jose Sharks for a sixth-round pick (163rd overall, Sharks selected Konrad Abeltshauser) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Bobby Sanguinetti from the New York Rangers for a sixth-round pick (157th overall, Rangers selected Jesper Fasth) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Washington, later traded to Calgary; 57th overall) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Jonathan Matsumoto from the Philadelphia Flyers for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 206th overall, Flyers selected Ricard Blidstrand) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Riley Nash from the Edmonton Oilers for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa; 46th overall, Oilers selected Martin Marincin) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Jimmy Hayes from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary; 43rd overall, Maple Leafs selected Brad Ross) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Daniel Winnik from the Phoenix Coyotes for a fourth-round pick (102nd overall, Coyotes selected Rhett Holland) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a third-round pick (71st overall, Avalanche selected Michael Bournival) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for third- and fourth-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Los Angeles; 77th and 109th overall, Stars selected Alexander Guptill and Alex Theriau) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (95th overall, Avalanche selected Stephen Silas) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for a third-round pick (63rd overall, Islanders selected Andrei Pedan) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 202nd overall, Oilers selected Kellen Jones) from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a sixth-round pick (152nd overall, Maple Leafs selected David Broll) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a second-round pick (47th overall, Kings selected Tyler Toffoli) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for second- (49th overall, Avalanche selected Calvin Pickard) and fourth-round picks (later traded to Dallas; 109th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a sixth-round pick (158th overall, Kings selected Maxim Kitsyn) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for sixth- and seventh-round picks (169th and 199th overall, Thrashers selected Sebastian Owuya and Peter Stoykewych) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia via Los Angeles; 59th overall, Wild selected Jason Zucker) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for third- and fourth-round picks (69th and 99th overall, Panthers selected Joe Basaraba and Joonas Donskoi) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Niclas Wallin and center Scott Nichol to one-year contracts; acquired a seventh-round pick (200th overall, Sharks selected Christopher Crane) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a seventh-round pick (209th overall, Penguins selected Scott Wilson) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Mike Brown from the Anaheim Ducks for a fifth-round pick (122nd overall, Ducks selected Chris Wagner) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a third-round pick (79th overall, Maple Leafs selected Sondre Olden) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a third-round pick (later traded to Nashville) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 112th overall, Capitals selected Philipp Grubauer) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for fourth- and fifth-round picks (116th and 146th overall, Maple Leafs selected Petter Granberg and Daniel Brodin) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 25, 2010
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Mark Recchi to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 15th overall, Kings selected Derek Forbort) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for first- (19th overall, Panthers selected Nick Bjugstad) and second-round (previously acquired from Philadelphia, later traded to Minnesota; 59th overall) picks in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired first- and fourth-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Buffalo; 22nd and 113th overall, Canadiens selected Jarred Tinordi and Mark MacMillan) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for first- (27th overall, Coyotes selected Mark Visentin) and second-round (57th overall, Coyotes selected Oscar Lindberg) picks in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired a first-round pick (30th overall, Islanders selected Brock Nelson) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for two second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from San Jose via Ottawa; 35th and 58th overall, Blackhawks selected Ludvig Rensfeldt and Kent Simpson) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Dan Hamhuis from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick (later traded to Phoenix; 84th overall) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman David Rundblad from the St. Louis Blues for a first-round pick (16th overall, Blues selected Vladimir Tarasenko) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Keith Ballard and right wing Victor Oreskovich from the Florida Panthers for right wings Steve Bernier and Michael Grabner and a first-round pick (25th overall, Panthers selected Quinton Howden) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 24, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Named Mike Foligno assistant coach.
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Craig Ramsay head coach.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Johnny Boychuk to a two-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Colin Fraser from the Chicago Blackhawks for a sixth-round pick (151st overall, Blackhawks selected Mirko Hoefflin) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Named Brad Bombardir director of player development.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Mike Vernace, left wing Brett Sterling and a seventh-round pick (188th overall, Sharks selected Lee Moffie) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for future considerations; re-signed centers Patrick Marleau and Joe Pavelski to four-year contracts.

Jun 23, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired left wings Dustin Byfuglien and Ben Eager, defenseman Brent Sopel and right wing Akim Aliu from the Chicago Blackhawks for center Marty Reasoner, right wing Joseph Crabb, left wing Jeremy Morin and first- and second-round picks (both previously acquired from New Jersey; 24th and 54th overall, Blackhawks selected Kevin Hayes and Justin Holl) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Brad Berry assistant coach.

Jun 22, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Scott Niedermayer.
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Nathan Horton and center Gregory Campbell from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Dennis Wideman, a first-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles; 15th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (91st overall, Panthers selected Kyle Rau) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Jerome Samson to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced that head coach Pat Quinn has moved into a front-office role; named Tom Renney head coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Jay McMaster assistant equipment manager.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired right wing Brad Staubitz from the San Jose Sharks for a fifth-round pick (129th overall, Sharks selected Freddie Hamilton) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; signed Staubitz to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Tomas Plekanec to a six-year contract; re-signed left wing Mathieu Darche to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Announced the resignation of head coach Don Nachbaur of Binghamton of the AHL.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Matt Cooke to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Roland Melanson goaltending coach.

Jun 21, 2010
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Taylor Pyatt to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Claude Noel head coach of Manitoba of the AHL.

Jun 19, 2010
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Ryan Parent from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Dan Hamhuis and a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Jason Arnott from the Nashville Predators for right wing Matt Halischuk and a second-round pick (38th overall, Predators selected Magnus Hellberg) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 18, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Kyle Chipchura to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Marcus Kruger to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Rob Blake.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Matt D'Agostini; named Corey Hirsch goaltending coach.

Jun 17, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Mathis Olimb to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Julian Talbot from the St. Louis Blues for center T.J. Hensick.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Francis Bouillon to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named John MacLean head coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Adrian Aucoin to a two-year contract; named Jeff Twohey amateur scout.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired goaltender Jaroslav Halak from the Montreal Canadiens for center Lars Eller and right wing Ian Schultz.

Jun 16, 2010
Detroit Red Wings: Signed general manager Ken Holland and assistant general manager Jim Nill to five-year contract extensions; signed left wing Ilari Filppula to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Todd Bertuzzi to a two-year contract.

Jun 15, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced former interim coach Claude Noel, assistant coaches Gary Agnew and Gord Murphy and strength and conditioning coach Barry Brennan will not return next season.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Brent Krahn to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Johan Fransson to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Bought out the the contract of right wing Georges Laraque; announced the retirement of Laraque.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Blake Geoffrion.
St. Louis Blues: Named Jared Bednar head coach of Peoria of the AHL.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Aaron Rome to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 14, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Named Mike Stapleton assistant coach of Syracuse of the AHL.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed goaltender Johan Backlund to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Nikita Nikitin.

Jun 13, 2010
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the resignation of assistant coach Mark Hardy.

Jun 10, 2010
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman David Schlemko and left wing Ryan Hollweg.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman David Rundblad.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Guy Boucher head coach.

Jun 9, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Tomas Kana to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Scottie Upshall to a one-year contract.

Jun 8, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Scott Arniel head coach.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Dane Byers.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Pat Verbeek professional scout.

Jun 5, 2010
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Dennis Seidenberg to a four-year contract extension.

Jun 4, 2010
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Shawn Thornton to a two-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Tomas Holmstrom to a two-year contract.

Jun 3, 2010
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender Peter Budaj and defenseman David Koci to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman David Savard to a three-year contract.

Jun 2, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Sheldon Brookbank to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Jacob Lagace.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Cory Schneider.

Jun 1, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wing Jeremy Morin and center Eric O'Dell.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Jacob Markstrom.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Jori Lehtera; named Scott Mellanby assistant coach.

May 31, 2010
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defensemen Yann Sauve, Lee Sweatt and Chris Tanev.

May 28, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Brandon McMillan to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jiri Tlusty and defenseman Jay Harrison to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Kyle Klubertanz to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Roman Josi and goaltender Atte Engren.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired goaltender Mattias Modig from the Anaheim Ducks for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 177th overall, Ducks selected Kevin Lind) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Mark Barberio to a three-year contract.

May 27, 2010
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Brendan Smith to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Travis Hamonic to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Nick Petersen to a three-year contract.

May 26, 2010
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Scott Parse to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Mats Zuccarello Aasen.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Mike Brodeur to a one-year contract.

May 25, 2010
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Jyri Niemi from the New York Islanders for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Atlanta; 160th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Steve Yzerman vice president and general manager.

May 24, 2010
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the resignation of assistant general manager and director of amateur scouting Jarmo Kekalainen.

May 19, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed goaltenders Edward Pasquale and Chris Carrozzi.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defensemen Eric Gelinas and Dan Kelly.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Ryan Keller to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Adam Cracknell.

May 18, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Tomas Kubalik.

May 17, 2010
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Mike Grier to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named Dale Tallon general manager.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Chad Rau to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Kelsey Wilson to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Nicklas Backstrom to a 10-year contract; signed center Marcus Johansson to a three-year contract.

May 14, 2010
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Jared Staal to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Mitchell Callahan to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Mattias Tedenby and center Jacob Josefson.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Anthony Nigro.

May 13, 2010
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Jean-Michel Daoust to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Jared Staal from the Phoenix Coyotes for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 138th overall, Coyotes selected Louis Domingue) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

May 12, 2010
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Tyler Shattock.

May 11, 2010
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Kari Lehtonen to a three-year contract extension through the 2012-13 season.

May 6, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Josh Brittain to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Nick Crawford to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Steven Delisle to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Fired head coach Rick Wamsley of Peoria of the AHL.

May 5, 2010
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Gustaf Wesslau to a one-year contract.

May 3, 2010
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Maxim Goncharov.

Apr 30, 2010
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Gabriel Dumont to a three-year contract.

Apr 29, 2010
Buffalo Sabres: Exercised their one-year option on the contract of head coach Lindy Ruff.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Cody Goloubef.

Apr 27, 2010
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Colin Greening to a one-year contract.

Apr 26, 2010
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of head coach Jacques Lemaire.

Apr 23, 2010
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Jussi Rynnas to a two-year contract.

Apr 21, 2010
Edmonton Oilers: Fired assistant general manager and vice-president of hockey operations Kevin Prendergast.

Apr 18, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Ben Smith to a two-year contract.

Apr 15, 2010
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Jonas Gustavsson to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 14, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Fired head coach John Anderson; promoted general manager Don Waddell to team president; named Rick Dudley general manager.
St. Louis Blues: Promoted interim coach Davis Payne to head coach.

Apr 13, 2010
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Brent Johnson to a two-year contract extension through the 2011-12 season.

Apr 12, 2010
Tampa Bay Lightning: Fired general manager Brian Lawton and head coach Rick Tocchet. Promoted assistant general manager Tom Kurvers to interim director of hockey operations.

Apr 8, 2010
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Luke Adam to a three-year contract.

Apr 7, 2010
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of left wing Keith Tkachuk.

Apr 6, 2010
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing David Dziurzynski to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Johan Harju to a one-year contract.

Apr 5, 2010
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Cam MacIntyre.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Dustin Stevenson to a three-year contract beginning in the 2010-2011 season.

Apr 3, 2010
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defensemen Kevin Shattenkirk and Colby Cohen.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Brandon Kozun to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Assigned assistant coach Jim Johnson to the position of head coach for Norfolk of the AHL.

Apr 2, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Peter Holland to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Ryan Flynn to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Mathieu Brodeur.

Apr 1, 2010
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Patrick Wiercioch to a three-year contract.

Mar 31, 2010
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Jordan Caron, center Joe Colborne, goaltender Michael Hutchinson and defenseman Steven Kampfer.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Ray Kaunisto to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Robin Lehner and defenseman Eric Gryba.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Chris Summers.

Mar 30, 2010
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Sean Backman to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Cameron Talbot.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Kris Letang to a four-year contract extension through the 2013-14 season.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Brett Ponich.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Brayden Irwin to a two-year contract.

Mar 29, 2010
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Bobby Butler to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Paul Bissonnette to a two-year contract.

Mar 25, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Announced a multi-year affiliation agreement with Syracuse of the AHL beginning next season.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed a one-year affiliation agreement with Springfield of the AHL.

Mar 24, 2010
Dallas Stars: Signed centers Mathieu Tousignant and Tomas Vincour to three-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Ryan Thang to a two-year contract.

Mar 23, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Rob Bordson to two-year contract.

Mar 22, 2010
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Lee Baldwin.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Nick Schaus and left wing Tony Lucia.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Ian Cole.

Mar 21, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Nick Bonino to a two-year contract.

Mar 19, 2010
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Mike Carman.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Josh Lunden.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Ryan Kesler to a six-year contract extension through the 2015-16 season.

Mar 18, 2010
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center/right wing Zac Dalpe to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Hunter Bishop to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Jesse Blacker to a three-year contract.

Mar 17, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Jake Newton to a three-year contract.

Mar 16, 2010
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Casey Wellman to a two-year contract and goaltender Matt Hackett to a three-year contract.

Mar 12, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Ryan Stanton to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Simon Gysbers to a two-year contract.

Mar 9, 2010
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Dmitry Kugryshev to a three-year contract.

Mar 8, 2010
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Brian Lee to a two-year contract.

Mar 3, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Aaron Ward from the Carolina Hurricanes for goaltender Justin Pogge and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 105th overall, Hurricanes selected Justin Shugg) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Joey MacDonald from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a seventh-round pick (203rd overall, Maple Leafs selected Max Everson) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Lubomir Visnovsky from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Ryan Whitney and a sixth-round pick (162nd overall, Oilers selected Brandon Davidson) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Petteri Nokelainen from the Phoenix Coyotes for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Ottawa; 171st overall) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired center Clarke MacArthur from the Buffalo Sabres for third- and fourth-round picks (68th and 98th overall, Sabres selected Jerome Gauthier-Leduc and Steven Shipley) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defensemen Dennis Seidenberg and Matthew Bartowski from the Florida Panthers for right wings Craig Wellar and Byron Bitz and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 36th overall, Panthers selected Alexander Petrovic) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Raffi Torres from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Nathan Paetsch and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 55th overall, Blue Jackets selected Petr Straka) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Vesa Toskala from the Anaheim Ducks for goaltender Curtis McElhinney; acquired defenseman Steve Staios from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Aaron Johnson and a conditional third-round pick (Calgary may transfer their pick in either the 2010 or 2011 NHL Entry Draft; 74th overall, Oilers selected Travis Ewanyk) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Andy Delmore from the Detroit Red Wings for right wing Riley Armstrong.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Stephane Yelle and right wing Harrison Reed from the Carolina Hurricanes for center Cedric Lalonde-McNicoll and a sixth-round pick (167th overall, Hurricanes selected Tyler Stahl) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Chad Kolarik from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Alex Picard.
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed left wing Ryan Jones off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Mathieu Roy from the Columbus Blue Jackets for center Matt Rust.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Jeff Halpern from the Tampa Bay Lightning for right wing Teddy Purcell and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 63rd overall, Lightning selected Brock Beukeboom) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Fredrik Modin from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Aaron Palushaj from the St. Louis Blues for right wing Matt D'Agostini.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Dustin Boyd from the Calgary Flames for a fourth-round pick (108th overall, Flames selected Bill Arnold) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Martin Skoula from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a fifth-round pick (144th overall, Maple Leafs selected Sam Carrick) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Kris Newbury from the Detroit Red Wings for left wing Jordan Owens; acquired defenseman Anders Eriksson from the Phoenix Coyotes for goaltender Miika Wiikman and a seventh-round pick (196th overall, Coyotes selected Zac Larraza) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Derek Morris from the Boston Bruins for a conditional third-round pick (if Phoenix re-signs Morris for the 2010-11 season; 81st overall, Bruins selected Anthony Camara) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Wojtek Wolski from the Colorado Avalanche for centers Peter Mueller and Kevin Porter; acquired defenseman Mathieu Schneider from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Sean Zimmerman and a sixth-round pick (172nd overall, Canucks selected Alex Friesen) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Lee Stempniak from the Toronto Maple Leafs for defenseman Matt Jones and fourth- (later traded to Washington; 112th overall) and seventh-round (later traded to Edmonton; 202nd overall) picks in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Chris Peluso from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a sixth-round pick (152nd overall, Penguins selected Joe Rogalski) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Yan Stastny from the St. Louis Blues for left wing Pierre-Cedric Labrie; acquired defenseman Andrew Alberts from the Carolina Hurricanes for a third-round pick (85th overall, Hurricanes selected Austin Levi) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Scott Walker from the Carolina Hurricanes for a seventh-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia; 206th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Eric Belanger from the Minnesota Wild for a second-round pick (56th overall, Wild selected Johan Larsson) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Milan Jurcina from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a conditional sixth-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Joe Corvo from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Brian Pothier, left wing Oskar Osala and a second-round pick (later traded to Calgary via the New York Rangers; 57th overall) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 2, 2010
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Steve Kampfer from the Anaheim Ducks for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Carolina; 105th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Nick Boynton from the Anaheim Ducks for future considerations.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Matt Marquardt from the Boston Bruins for defenseman Cody Wild.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Andy Sutton from the New York Islanders for a second-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose, later traded to Chicago; 58th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Alexei Ponikarovsky from the Toronto Maple Leafs for left wing Luca Caputi and defenseman Martin Skoula.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Brett Westgarth from the New York Islanders for future considerations.

Mar 1, 2010
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired right wing Evgeny Artyukhin from Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Nathan Oystrick and a conditional pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Greg Moore from the New York Islanders for defenseman Dylan Reese.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Denis Grebeshkov from the Edmonton Oilers for a second-round pick (48th overall, Oilers selected Curtis Hamilton) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Jordan Leopold from the Florida Panthers for a second-round pick (50th overall, Panthers selected Connor Brickley) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired goaltender Joe Fallon from the Chicago Blackhawks for goaltender Hannu Toivonen and defenseman Danny Richmond.

Feb 27, 2010
New York Rangers: Claimed goaltender Alex Auld off re-entry waivers from the Dallas Stars.

Feb 26, 2010
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Ryan Shannon to a one-year contract.

Feb 25, 2010
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Rene Bourque to a six-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Cal Clutterbuck to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 24, 2010
Dallas Stars: Waived goaltender Alex Auld.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Pekka Rinne to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Fired assistant coach Wes Walz;named Jim Johnson assistant coach.

Feb 17, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Jassen Cullimore.

Feb 13, 2010
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed center Jamie Lundmark off waivers from the Calgary Flames.

Feb 12, 2010
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Cam Barker from the Chicago Blackhawks for defensemen Kim Johnsson and Nick Leddy.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Jody Shelley from the San Jose Sharks for a conditional sixth-round pick (a fifth-round pick if Shelley re-signs with the Rangers prior to the 2010-11 season, a sixth-round pick otherwise; 166th overall, Sharks selected Daniil Sobchenko) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Matt Cullen from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Alexandre Picard and a second-round pick (later traded to Edmonton; 46th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; signed general manager Bryan Murray to a one-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Blair Betts to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 11, 2010
Dallas Stars: Claimed right wing Brandon Segal off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Dominic Moore from the Florida Panthers for a second-round pick (later traded to San Jose; 47th overall) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Nate Guenin from the Pittsburgh Pegnuins for defenseman Steve Wagner.

Feb 10, 2010
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the acquisition of the Albany River Rats (AHL) and the team's relocation to Charlotte next season.

Feb 9, 2010
Dallas Stars: Acquired goaltender Kari Lehtonen from the Atlanta Thrashers for defenseman Ivan Vishnevsky and a fourth-round pick (101st overall, Thrashers selected Ivan Telegin) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Mark Parrish to a one-year contract.

Feb 8, 2010
Montreal Canadiens: Named Pierre Gauthier executive-vice president and general manager and announced that Bob Gainey will remain with the team as a special counsel to Gauthier.

Feb 7, 2010
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Niclas Wallin and a fifth-round pick (127th overall, Sharks selected Cody Ferriero) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft pick from the Carolina Hurricanes for a second-round pick (previsouly acquired from Buffalo; 53rd overall, Hurricanes selected Mark Alt) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 6, 2010
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Ville Leino from the Detroit Red Wings for defenseman Ole-Kristian Tollefsen and a fifth-round pick (146th overall, Red Wings selected Mattias Backman) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 4, 2010
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Ilya Kovalchuk, defenseman Anssi Salmela and a second-round pick (38th overall, Devils selected Jonathon Merrill) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for defenseman Johnny Oduya, right wing Niclas Bergfors, left wing Patrice Cormier and first- and second-round picks (both later traded to Chicago; 24th and 54th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 1, 2010
New York Rangers: Acquired center Olli Jokinen and left wing Brandon Prust from the Calgary Flames for right wing Ales Kotalik and left wing Christopher Higgins.

Jan 31, 2010
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defensemen Dion Phaneuf and Keith Aulie and right wing Fredrik Sjostrom from the Calgary Flames for center Matt Stajan, left wing Niklas Hagman, right wing Jamal Mayers and defenseman Ian White; acquired goaltender Jean-Sebastien Giguere from the Anaheim Ducks for goaltender Vesa Toskala and left wing Jason Blake.

Jan 30, 2010
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Jonas Hiller to a four-year contract extension.

Jan 28, 2010
Minnesota Wild: Announced right wing Petr Sykora has cleared unconditional waivers and is no longer under contract.

Jan 27, 2010
Nashville Predators: Signed center Marcel Goc to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 21, 2010
New Jersey Devils: Waived right wing Ilkka Pikkarainen.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed center Nate Thompson off waivers from the New York Islanders; named Ben Eaves strength and conditioning/video coach for Norfolk of the AHL.

Jan 19, 2010
Minnesota Wild: Waived right wing Petr Sykora and left wing Robbie Earl.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Kevin Klein to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Named Tyler Love goaltending consultant.

Jan 13, 2010
Ottawa Senators: Relieved goaltending coach Eli Wilson of his duties. 

Jan 11, 2010
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed president John McDonough to a contract extension through 2016.

Jan 6, 2010
Washington Capitals: Signed center David Steckel to a three-year contract extension and defenseman Tyler Sloan to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 4, 2010
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jacob Muzzin to three-year contract. 

Jan 2, 2010
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Miroslav Satan to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Fired head coach Andy Murray;named Davis Payne interim head coach.

Jan 1, 2010
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Jaroslav Janus to a three-year contract.
