Dec 28, 2001
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Manny Legace to a four-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Harlan Pratt from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Kaspars Astashenko.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Trevor Letowski, left wing Todd Warriner, right wing Tyler Bouck and a third-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for defenseman Drake Berehowsky and center Denis Pederson.

Dec 20, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Dan Bylsma to a two-year contract with a club option for 2004-05.

Dec 19, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Kurtis Foster.

Dec 18, 2001
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Petr Buzek and a conditional pick in the 200. NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for left wing Jeff Cowan and defenseman Kurtis Foster.
Florida Panthers: Claimed defenseman Darren Van Impe off waivers from the New York Rangers.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Rich Brennan from Nashville for defenseman Brett Hauer.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Patrice Brisebois to a three-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed coach Barry Trotz, assistant coaches Paul Gardner and Brent Peterson, goaltending coach Mitch Korn and assistant general manager Ray Shero to contract extensions.

Dec 17, 2001
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Donald Brashear and a sixth-round pick (later traded to Columbus; 184th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Jan Hlavac and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 68th overall, Canucks selected Brett Skinner) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 12, 2001
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Zdeno Ciger from the New York Rangers for right wing Matthew Barnaby.

Dec 7, 2001
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom to a two-year contract extension.

Dec 5, 2001
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Steve Halko and a fourth-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Sean Hill.

Dec 4, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired defenseman Bert Robertsson from the Nashville Predators for left wing Jay Legault.

Dec 3, 2001
Dallas Stars: Announced general manager Bob Gainey will step down after the 2001-02 season; promoted assistant general manager Doug Armstrong to general manager following the season.
Florida Panthers: Fired coach Duane Sutter; announced that Bill Torrey will relinquish duties as president and general manager, and remain as governor; named Mike Keenan coach; named Chuck Fletcher interim general manager.

Dec 1, 2001 
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Karl Dykhuis to a three-year contract extension.

Nov 25, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Suspended defenseman Petr Buzek indefinitely.

Nov 23, 2001
Minnesota Wild: Waived center Roman Simicek.

Nov 22, 2001
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Jyrki Lumme from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Dave Manson.

Nov 21, 2001 
Dallas Stars: Acquired left wings Martin Rucinsky and Benoit Brunet from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Donald Audette and center Shaun Van Allen.

Nov 19, 2001
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender Roman Turek to a multi-year contract.

Nov 17, 2001
Montreal Canadiens: Signed coach Michel Therrien to a one-year contract extension.

Nov 15, 2001
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Jim Dowd to a multi-year contract extension.

Nov 14, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed center Pascal Rheaume off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.

Nov 10, 2001
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Alexei Zyuzin from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defensemen Josef Boumedienne and Sascha Goc and left wing Anton But.
Ottawa Senators: Named Bob Berry western professional scout.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Trevor Linden and a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders via Tampa Bay; 55th overall, Canucks selected Denis Grot) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for a first-round pick (17th overall, Capitals selected Boyd Gordon) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to Edmonton; 94th overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 7, 2001
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Peter Skudra. 

Nov 1, 2001 
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired right wing Sergei Krivokrasov from the Minnesota Wild for a seventh-round pick (204th overall; Wild selected Nicklas Eckerblom) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Patric Kjellberg from the Nashville Predators for right wing Petr Tenkrat.

Oct 30, 2001
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Tomas Kaberle to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed defenseman Alexei Tezikov off waivers from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks.

Oct 25, 2001
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed center Josh Holden off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.

Oct 24, 2001
Boston Bruins: Acquired center Jozef Stumpel and right wing Glen Murray from the Los Angeles Kings for center Jason Allison and right wing Mikko Eloranta.

Oct 22, 2001
Los Angeles Kings: Named Brian Putnam amateur scout.

Oct 19, 2001
San Jose Sharks: Announced that Tony Granato has joined the broadcast team.

Oct 16, 2001 
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Shane Bendera.

Oct 15, 2001 
Pittsburgh Penguins: Fired coach Ivan Hlinka; named Rick Kehoe coach.

Oct 14, 2001 
Boston Bruins: Claimed defenseman Jamie Rivers off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.

Oct 12, 2001 
New York Rangers: Named Brad Park, Rich Brown and Jamie MacDonald scouts.

Oct 11, 2001 
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed director of amateur scouting Ted Hampson through the 2003-04 season.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Fedor Fedorov and left wing Denis Martynyuk.

Oct 9, 2001
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Nathan Perrott from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced an affiliation agreement with Memphis of the CHL.

Oct 6, 2001
Buffalo Sabres: Signed general manager Darcy Regier to a six-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Doug Gilmour, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract with a club-option for 2002-03.

Oct 5, 2001
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Arturs Irbe to a three-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed coach Bruce Boudreau of Lowell of the AHL to a contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Bryan Berard, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Shane Endicott.

Oct 4, 2001
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Vincent Lecavalier to a multi-year contract

Oct 3, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed head coach Curt Fraser to a contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Kevin Brown.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Martin Brodeur to a five-year contract extension.
  
Oct 2, 2001
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Bobby Smith consultant.
Minnesota Wild: Released defenseman Chris Joseph.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Krystofer Kolanos.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Stephane Richer; claimed defenseman John Jakopin off waivers from the Florida Panthers.

Oct 1, 2001
Boston Bruins: Released center Stu Bodtker, right wing Mike Sylvia, left wing Joe Hulbig and defenseman Ed Hill.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Erik Rasmussen to a multi-year contract.
New York Islanders: Released right wing David Nemirovsky.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Dan Blackburn.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Corey Schwab, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Brian Sutherby to a three-year contract.

Sep 30, 2001
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Marty Wilford from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Shawn Thornton.

Sep 29, 2001
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Zybnek Michalek.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Bryan Berard.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Released left wing Bob Errey and defenseman Michel Petit.

Sep 28, 2001
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Kirk Muller, who had been selected in the NHL waiver draft, from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Evgeny Petrochinin.

Sep 26, 2001
Columbus Blue Jackets: Released right wing Daniel Marois.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Marian Hossa to a multi-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Jeff Halpern to a two-year contract with a club option.

Sep 25, 2001
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Derek Bekar.

Sep 24, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Released goaltender Jean-Francois Nogues and center Eric Fortier.
Colorado Avalanche: Released defenseman Darryl Shannon.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Deron Quint.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Zdeno Chara to a multi-year contract.

Sep 23, 2001
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Kyle Wanvig.

Sep 22, 2001
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Martin Podlesak to a three-year contract.

Sep 21, 2001
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Daniel Alfredsson to a one-year contract.

Sep 20, 2001
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Brent Krahn.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Valeri Bure to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Released right wing Miloslav Cermak, center Jeff Bes and left wing Alain O'Driscoll.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Released center Eric Schneider, right wings Gaetan Royer and Brad Yeo and defenseman Remi Royer.

Sep 19, 2001
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Colton Orr to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Craig Berube, who had been with the New York Islanders; released right wing Andrew Bogle.
Dallas Stars: Announced an affiliation agreement with Fort Worth of the CHL.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Released right wing Miloslav Cermak, center Jeff Bes and left wing Alain O'Driscoll.

Sep 18, 2001
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Stephane Veilleux.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Olivier Michaud to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Brent Sopel.

Sep 17, 2001
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Derrick Walser.
Florida Panthers: Named Ian Clark goaltending consultant.

Sep 16, 2001
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Petr Nedved.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed head coach Bob Francis to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Released right wing Jason Boily, goaltender Ken Carroll, left wing Scott Henkelman, and defensemen Doug Maciver and Travis Parent.

Sep 15, 2001
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Ryan Johnson to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Released left wings Devin Hartnell, Randy Perry and Vladimir Serov.

Sep 14, 2001
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Brendan Witt to a three-year contract.

Sep 13, 2001:
Florida Panthers: Re-signed goaltender Roberto Luongo to a four-year contract.

Sep 12, 2001
Calgary Flames: Named Mike Sands director of amateur scouting, Tod Button director of scouting, Ron Sutter scout, Wendell Young goaltending coach, Morris Boyer athletic therapist, T.D. Forss assistant athletic therapist, Dr. Nicholas Mohtadi head physician, Dr. Kelly Brett sport medicine physician and Kelly Chesla team services manager.

Sep 11, 2001:
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Alexei Zhitnik to a three-year contract.

Sep 10, 2001
Calgary Flames: Named Al MacNeil special assistant to the general manager.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Peter White, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Dallas Stars: Signed coach Ken Hitchcock to a three-year contract through the 2003-04 season.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Felix Potvin to a one-year contract with a club option for the 2002-03 season.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Reid Simpson, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract with an option for 2002-03.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Released defenseman Jonathan Roy, right wing Kevin Karlander, left wing Rob Palahnuk and center Joe Talbot.

Sep 8, 2001
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Mike Johnson to a multi-year contract; released goaltender Olivier Dannel, defensemen Simon Ferguson and Dennis Wideman and center Justin Kelly.

Sep 7, 2001
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Denis Hamel to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Michal Rozsival.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Todd Harvey.

Sep 6, 2001
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Jean-Pierre Dumont to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Rod Brind'Amour to a six-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Tyler Arnason.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Jason Spezza, their first-round pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penquins: Signed goaltender Johan Hedberg and left wing Martin Straka to multi-year contracts. 

Sep 5, 2001
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defensemen Vladimir Chebaturkin, who had been with the St. Louis Blues; signed defenseman Kent Huskins.
Detroit Red Wings: Named Bob McCammon scout.
New York Islanders: Signed center Alexei Yashin to a 10-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff and centers Mark Smith, Andy Lundbohm and Ryan Kraft. Signed right wing Mike Craig.

Sep 4, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Niclas Havelid to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Tomas Holmstrom to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Lubomir Visnovsky to a multi-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Jan Hlavac to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Erik Westrum to a multi-year contract.

Aug 31, 2001
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Pat Verbeek, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract.

Aug 30, 2001
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Zac Bierk to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Wayne Primeau.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Glen Metropolit to a one-year contract. 

Aug 29, 2001
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Jamo Kultanen and left wing Mikko Eloranta.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Grant Marshall from the Dallas Stars for a second-round pick (33rd overall, Stars selected Loui Eriksson) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed center Michael Peca to a five-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Alfie Michaud.

Aug 28, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Ray Bear strength and conditioning coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Michael Barnett general manager; promoted Cliff Fletcher to senior executive vice president.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced an affiliation agreement with Columbia of the ECHL.

Aug 27, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Simon Gamache.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Steve McKenna, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Kim Johnsson to a three-year contract.

Aug 24, 2001
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Jason Podollan.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Robert Esche to a three-year contract with a club option.

Aug 23, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed left wing Jeff Friesen to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Geoff Sanderson to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Announced a working agreement with the Florida Panthers to supply players for Utah of the AHL; named Richard Krouse equipment manager.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Bill Lindsay.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jason Holland, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres.

Aug 22, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Named Floyd Smith pro scout.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Alan Letang.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Igor Korolev.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Brett Hull, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Named Billy Smith goaltending coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Matt Cooke to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Chris Ferraro from the New Jersey Devils for future considerations.

Aug 21, 2001
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Darius Kasparaitis to a two-year contract; named Chuck Grillo to their scouting staff.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Shane Doan to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Christian LaFlamme, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Ryan Tobler and re-signed defenseman Mikko Kuparinen.

Aug 20, 2001
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Eric Boulton.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Steve Begin.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Lance Ward; signed right wing David Morriset and center Matt Herr.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Eric Lindros and a conditional first-round pick (not exercised) in the 2003 NHL Entry draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for left wing Jan Hlavac, defenseman Kim Johnsson, right wing Pavel Brendl and a third-round pick (81st overall, Flyers selected Stefan Ruzicka) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Trevor Letowski to a one-year contract with a club option.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Olaf Kolzig to a five-year contract.

Aug 18, 2001
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Brian Rolston to a two-year contract.

Aug 17, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Giguere to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Dean McAmmond to a multi-year contract; signed defenseman Mike Martin.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Petr Sykora.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Jay Leach to a multi-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Brandon Reid.

Aug 16, 2001
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Rob Valicevic, who had been with the Nashville Predators.
Minnesota Wild: Announced an affiliation agreement with Louisiana of the ECHL.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Wade Redden.

Aug 15, 2001
Calgary Flames: Announced the resignation of president and CEO Ron Bremner, effective immediately; named Ken King president and CEO.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender David Aebischer to a multi-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Eric Brewer to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Sergei Zholtok to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Alexander Kharitonov.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Gary Suter; re-signed right wing Matt Bradley; signed center Joel Prpic and defenseman Jesse Fibiger; named Roy Sneesby equipment assistant and transportation specialist; named Ilkka Sinisalo scout.

Aug 14, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Brian White to a one-year contract with a club option for 2002-03.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wing Ilya Kovalchuk.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Rory Fitzpatrick.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Chad Alban to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing Marcus Nilson to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Aaron Miller to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Named Bruce Southern professional scout and David Mayville amateur scout.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Marcel Hossa to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Named Jacques Laperriere and Kelly Miller assistant coaches.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Peter Ratchuk, who had been with the Florida Panthers, and goaltender Robbie Tallas, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks; signed defenseman Brooks Orpik.

Aug 13, 2001
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Craig Andersson.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Bryan Smolinski to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed goaltender Mike Dunham.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Kenny Jonsson to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Daymond Langkow to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Alyn McCauley to a one-year contract.

Aug 11, 2001:
Boston Bruins: Re-signed left wing Brian Rolston.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Jan Hrdina to a two-year contract.

Aug 10, 2001
Los Angeles Kings: Named Andy Nowicki goaltending consultant.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Herbert Vasiljevs, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers.

Aug 9, 2001
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Brian Swanson to a two-year contract and defenseman Alain Nasreddine to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Manny Fernandez.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Brad Smyth.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Martin Straka.

Aug 8, 2001
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Bill Guerin; signed center John Emmons to a one-year contract and center Carl Corazzini to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Miroslav Satan to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defensemen Bubba Berenzweig and Rich Brennan, center Erik Anderson and right wing Yevgeny Pavlov.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Bobby Holik to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Jason Dawe.

Aug 7, 2001
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Tom Askey and defenseman Mario Larocque.
Calgary Flames: Announced that centers Rob Niedermayer and Dean McAmmond have accepted qualifying offers.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Steve Dubinsky, left wing Casey Hankinson and defenseman Nolan Baumgartner.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Greg de Vries to a multi-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Jason Blake to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Jeff Toms; claimed defenseman Darren van Impe off waivers from the Boston Bruins.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Chris Murray to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Mark Murphy to a one-year contract.

Aug 6, 2001
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Mathieu Dandenault to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Manny Malhotra.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defensemen Cory Sarich and Mike Jones.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Sebastien Charpentier.

Aug 3, 2001
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Bob Essensa, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defensemen Greg Kuznik and Jeremiah McCarthy and goaltender Randy Petruk to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Jamie Pushor to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Janne Niinimaa to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Andy Sutton.
New Jersey Devils: Named Jay Leach assistant coach; re-assigned John Cunniff and Kurt Kleinendorst to the scouting staff.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Dean Melanson to a two-year contract.

Aug 2, 2001
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Doug Houda and right wing Christian Matte.
Calgary Flames: Signed centers Rob Murray and Scott Nichol and left wings Jamie Wright and Ryan Christie.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Eric Daze.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed associate coaches Dave Lewis and Barry Smith to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Jesse Wallin to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Wade Flaherty, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Andrew Allen.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced an affiliation agreement with New Mexico of the CHL.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Adrian Aucoin and center Jason Krog to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Andre Savage.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Corey Hirsch to a one-year contract with a club option for the 2002-03 season. 

Aug 1, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Aris Brimanis, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Kyle McLaren and left wing Jay Henderson to one-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Marek Malik to a two-year contract; named Don Edwards goaltender consultant.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Mike Peluso and center Ajay Baines.
Los Angeles King: Signed center Eric Belanger and defenseman Philippe Boucher to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed centers Saku Koivu, Chad Kilger and Xavier Delisle, right wings Brian Savage, Arron Asham and defensemen Francis Bouillon and Gennady Razin and goaltender Mathieu Garon to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Scott Walker to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Chris Armstrong to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Daniel Briere and defenseman Todd Simpson to one-year contracts; re-signed left wing Jean-Guy Trudel to a one-year contract with a club option for 2002-03.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defensemen Wade Belak and Maxim Galanov, center Jeff Farkas, right wing Craig Mills and center Don MacLean; announced that defensemen Cory Cross, Aki Berg and Dmitri Yakushin have accepted qualifying offers.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Peter Ferraro to a one-year contract.

Jul 31, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Matt Cullen and goaltender Gregg Naumenko to one-year contracts.
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing Shean Donovan.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Rhett Warrener to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Craig Adams to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Pascal Rheaume, who had been with the St. Louis Blues; re-signed left wing Jean-Yves Leroux.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defensemen Mattias Timander and Andrei Sryubko, goaltender Greg Gardner and right wing Matt Davidson.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Jamie Langenbrunner to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Daniel Cleary to a three-year contract and defenseman Chris Hajt to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed goaltenders Jamie Storr and Marcel Cousineau; re-signed defenseman Andreas Lilja to a multi-year contract; signed right wing Greg Phillips to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed free agent defenseman Brad Brown, who had been with the New York Rangers.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Andy Delmore from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick (later traded to Phoenix; 70th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Evgeny Korolev to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Aubin and right wing Aleksey Morozov.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Andrei Zyuzin to a multi-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed centers Josh Holden and Denis Pederson.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Trent Whitfield to a one-year contract.

Jul 30, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Marc Chouinard to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wings Lubos Bartecko and Bryan Adams and defenseman Daniel Tjrnqvist.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Aaron Ward to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Jochen Hecht to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defensemen Chris Phillips and Joel Kwiatkowski to one-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed assistant general manager Ed Johnston; signed left wing Steve Parsons.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Andrei Nikolishin to a one-year contract.

Jul 27, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Drew Bannister, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Jiri Slegr.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wings Greg Crozier and Mike Gellard.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Bates Battaglia to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wings Joey Tetarenko and Rocky Thompson; signed defenseman Brad Norton, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Wade Brookbank.
San Jose Sharks: Named Lorne Molleken assistant coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Todd Bertuzzi.

Jul 26, 2001
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Scott Pellerin to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named George Kingston assistant coach.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Jamie Thompson.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Gordie Dwyer.

Jul 25, 2001
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Mike Knuble and left wing P.J. Axelsson.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Steve Ott and goaltender Jason Bacashihua to three-year contracts.

Jul 24, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Named Tom Watt assistant coach.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Doug Janik.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Todd Gill, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Sandy McCarthy.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Patrick Lalime and left wing Magnus Arvedson to multi-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Ian Moran and left wing Dan LaCoture.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Paul Healey, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers; signed center Bob Wren, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks; signed left wing Doug Doull.

Jul 23, 2001
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Chris Kelleher to a two-year contract; goaltender Jeff Maund to a one-year contract with an option and center/right wing Tony Tuzzolino to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Shane Willis to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Brad Lukowich to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Martin Prusek to a multi-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Brandon Smith, right wing Hannes Hyvonen and goaltender Seamus Kotyk.

Jul 20, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed left wing Mike Leclerc to a two-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Hal Gill to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Olli Jokinen to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Dane Crowley.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Drake Berehowsky.

Jul 19, 2001
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Richard Jackman, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed goaltender Jocelyn Thibault.

Jul 18, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed center Per Svartvadet and defenseman Brett Clark.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Steve Thomas, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Cameron Mann to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman John Jakopin to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Jason McDonald.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Cory Stillman to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Darren Rumble.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Nolan Pratt.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Mats Sundin to a six-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Dan Cloutier; re-signed defenseman Murray Baron to a two-year contract.

Jul 17, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed defenseman Frantisek Kaberle.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Bobby Allen to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the extension of their affiliation agreement with Rochester of the AHL.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Tom Barrasso to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Steve Thomas, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Greg Hawgood, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Jon Sim and center Gavin Morgan to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Alexander Ljubimov and centers Jan Benda and Greg Leeb.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Zdeno Ciger.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Ed Campbell.

Jul 16, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Tony Hrkac, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks; signed center Bob Corkum, who had been with the New Jersey Devils; signed defenseman Todd Reirden, who had been with the St. Louis Blues.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Henrik Tallinder and right wing Ales Kotalik.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Mikhail Yaboubov.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Jussi Markkanen and defensemen Kari Haakana and Ales Pisa.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Dan Boyle to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Ivan Majesky to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed centers Mark Beaufait and Dan Cavanaugh.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Fedor Tjutin.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman David Koci and left wing Tomas Surovy.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Stan Neckar to a multi-year contract; signed left wing Jimmie lvestad to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Francois Bouchard.

Jul 15, 2001 
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed goaltender Ilja Bryzgalov to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Igor Knyazev to a three-year contract.

Jul 14, 2001
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Jani Rita to a multi-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Bryan McCabe to a multi-year contract.

Jul 13, 2001
Colorado Avalanche: Signed head coach Scott Hartley to a two-year extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Tyler Wright to a multi-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Trent Cull, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Vadim Tarasov to a one-year contract and left wing Timo Vertala and defenseman Martti Jarventie to two-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Yves Sarault and defenseman Robert Schnabel.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Ivan Ciernik and defenseman John Gruden; signed left wing Chris Bala and David Hymovitz, right wings Toni Dahlman and Joe Murphy, center Chris Herperger, and defenseman Travis Richards.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Hans Jonsson and right wing Eric Meloche.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Dave Andreychuk, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres; signed defenseman Grant Ledyard, who had been with the Dallas Stars.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Ulf Dahlen to a one-year contract.

Jul 12, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed left wing Timo Parssinen to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed goaltenders Norm Maracle and Pasi Nurminen.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Steve Staios to a multi-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Jeff Norton, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Peter Fabus to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Keith Tkachuk to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltenders Michal Lanicek and Alexander Polukeyev and defenseman Marek Priechodsky to three-year contracts.

Jul 11, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Extended the contracts of strength and conditioning coach Chris Reichart and trainer Scott Green.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Chris Dingman.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Brad Isbister to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed goaltender Kevin Weekes.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Karel Pilar to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Jaromir Jagr and defenseman Frantisek Kucera from the Pittsburgh Penguins for centers Kris Beech and Michael Sivek, defenseman Ross Lupaschuk and future considerations.

Jul 10, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Extended the contract of director of player development and evaluation Bob Owen.
Boston Bruins: Signed center/left wing Andy Hilbert to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing David Ling and defenseman Darrel Scoville.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Niko Kapanen and left wing Marcus Kristofferson to two-year contracts; signed center Jim Montgomery, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Jaroslav Modry to a two-year contract; signed winger Jaroslav Bednar to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Mariusz Czerkawski to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Vitali Yeremeyev.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Robert Dome.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Vaclav Prospal from the Florida Panthers for center Ryan Johnson and a sixth-round pick (later traded back to Tampa Bay; 192nd overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 9, 2001
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Kay Whitmore, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Aaron Ward from the Detroit Red Wings for a second-round pick (58th overall, Red Wings selected Jiri Hudler) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Blake Sloan to a multi-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Pavel Patera; signed goaltender Martin Brochu, who had been with the Calgary Flames.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Craig Darby to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Marty Murray, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Brian Holzinger to a multi-year contract.

Jul 7, 2001 
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Randy Robitaille to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Shawn Bates, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Dusan Salficky.

Jul 6, 2001
Boston Bruins: Signed center/left wing Rob Zamuner, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Jim Clark executive vice-president and assistant general manager, Bob Strumm director of pro scouting and Paul Castron assistant director of amateur scouting.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Tomas Zizka to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Andrew Brunette, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Dan McGillis to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Laurence Gilman assistant general manager.

Jul 5, 2001 
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center Alexei Zhamnov and defenseman Chris McAlpine.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Mike Sillinger, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Valeri Kamensky, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract with an option for the 2002-03 season; named Bob Bassen assistant coach and Brian Poile director of hockey operations for the Utah Grizzlies.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wings Kristian Huselius and Niklas Hagman; signed defenseman Paul Elliott.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Tommy Albelin; signed left wing/right wing Andreas Salmonsson.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Ken Sutton, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Eric Weinrich, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Mike Wilson, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Mike Keane, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a multi-year contract; signed defenseman Rich Pilon, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.

Jul 4, 2001
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Yanic Perreault, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Stephane Robidas to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Josh Langfeld and defenseman Julien Vauclair to multi-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Anders Eriksson, who had been with the Florida Panthers.

Jul 3, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Jason York, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a three-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defensemen Libor Ustrnul and Jeff Dessner.
Boston Bruins: Named Sean Coady director of pro scouting and player development.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Rob Ray to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Steve Heinze, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Brad Bombardir and left wing Cam Stewart.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Stu Grimson, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Jiri Dopita to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Mike Sullivan; signed defenseman Goran Bezina; announced the resignation of director of player personnel Sean Coady.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Alexander Mogilny, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a four-year contract.

Jul 2, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired left wing Denny Lambert from the Atlanta Thrashers for future considerations.
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Hnat Domenichelli.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Martin Lapointe, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Bob Boughner, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Donald Audette, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a four-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Luc Robitaille, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Mathieu Schneider to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Brett Hauer to a two-year contract; signed left wing Ken Belanger, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Jason Marshall, who had been with the Washington Capitals, and goaltender Dwayne Roloson.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Curtis Leschyshyn to a multi-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Jeremy Roenick, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a five-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Daymond Langkow from the Philadelphia Flyers for a first-round pick (11th overall, Flyers selected Jeff Carter) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to San Jose via Tampa Bay) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 1, 2001:
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Sean O'Donnell, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a four-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Jon Klemm, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender Patrick Roy, center Joe Sakic and defenseman Rob Blake to new contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Pierre Turgeon, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a five-year contract; signed left wing Rob DiMaio, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender Dominik Hasek to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Darby Hendrickson to a multi-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Garth Snow, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Igor Ulanov, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Dave Karpa, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Mike Sullivan.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Doug Weight and right wing Michel Riesen from the Edmonton Oilers for center Marty Reasoner, left wing Jochen Hecht and defenseman Jan Horacek; re-signed Weight to a five-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Mikael Tellqvist to a three-year contract.

Jun 30, 2001
Buffalo Sabres: Declined to exercise the 2001-02 contract option of left wing Dave Andreychuk.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired goaltender Dominik Hasek from the Buffalo Sabres for left wing Vyacheslav Kozlov, a first-round pick (laster traded to Atlanta via Columbus; 30th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Kirk Muller to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Picked up the option on center Vaclav Prospal's contract for the 2001-02 season.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Dave Duerden from the Florida Panthers for future considerations.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Scott Mellanby to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Tim Taylor from the New York Rangers for left wings Nils Ekman and Kyle Freadrich.
Washington Capitals: Picked up the option on center Adam Oates' contract for the 2001-02 season.

Jun 29, 2001
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Craig Conroy to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Sergei Zholtok from the Edmonton Oilers for a seventh-round pick (205th overall, Oilers selected Jean-Francois Dufort) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Sean Gagnon and future considerations from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Jason Doig and right wing Jeff Ulmer.
St. Louis Blues: Exercised the 2001-02 options on right wing Jamal Mayers and defenseman Alex Khavanov.

Jun 28, 2001
Boston Bruins: Named Wayne Cashman and Jim Hughes assistant coaches and signed them to three-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Exercised the contract options on defenseman Richard Smehlik and right wing Vaclav Varada.
Dallas Stars: Announced a three-year affilition agreement with Utah of the IHL; named Don Hay coach at Utah.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed right wing Scott Thomas to a one-year contract and goaltender Travis Scott to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Tony Virta.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Markus Naslund to a three-year contract extension through the 2004-05 season.

Jun 27, 2001:
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Brent Gilchrist to a one-year contract.

Jun 26, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Tim Bothwell and Steve Weeks assistant coaches.
Buffalo Sabres: Exercised the 2001-02 contract option on center Stu Barnes; re-signed defenseman James Patrick to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of defenseman Ray Bourque.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Scott Meyer.
Vacnouver Canucks: Declined to exercise the 2001-02 contract option of goaltender Bob Essensa.

Jun 24, 2001 
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired right wing Lubos Bartecko from the St. Louis Blues for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo; 122nd overall, Blues selected Igor Valeyev) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Jeff Dessner from the New York Rangers for an eighth-round pick (230th overall, Rangers selected Leonid Zvachkin) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 112th overall, Thrashers selected Milan Gajic) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for a third-round pick (64th overall, Devils selected Jason Ryznar) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Richard Jackman from the Dallas Stars for right wing Cameron Mann.
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Dean McAmmond from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fourth-round pick (105th overall, Flyers selected Rosario Ruggeri) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. 
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Chris Dingman from the Colorado Avalanche for a fifth-round pick (149th overall, Avalanche selected Miiko Viitanen) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 110th overall, Hurricanes selected Rob Zepp) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick (later traded back to Carolina; 91st overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired a ninth-round pick (later traded to Nashville; 264th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a ninth-round pick (289th overall, Lightning selected Henrik Bergfors) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired the rights to defenseman Paul Manning from the Calgary Flames for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo, later traded to Detroit; 157th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo via Columbus; 157th overall, Red Wings selected Andreas Jamtin) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames in exchange for fifth- (164th overall, Flames selected Yuri Trubachev) and seventh-round (later traded to the New York Rangers; 226th overall) pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Named Paul Baxter assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 152nd overall, Kings selected Terry Denike) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning in exchange for two sixth-round picks (the first one later traded to Colorado, the latter previously acquired from Buffalo; 184th and 188th overall, Lightning selected Art Femenella) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Andreas Dackell from the Ottawa Senators for an eighth-round pick (235th overall, Senators selected Neil Petruic) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 98th overall, Predators selected Jordin Tootoo) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for fourth-, fifth- and seventh-round picks (the first one later traded to Carolina; 110th, 146th and 208th overall, Flyers selected Jussi Timonen and Thierry Douville) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired center Michael Peca from the Buffalo Sabres for center Tim Connolly and left wing Taylor Pyatt.
New York Rangers: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit; 226th overall, Rangers selected Pontus Petterstrom) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for a seventh-round pick (207th overall, Flames selected Pierre Johnsson) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Adam Graves from the New York Rangers for right wing Mikael Samuelsson and defenseman Chris Gosselin; acquired a fourth-round pick (106th overall, Sharks selected Christian Ehrhoff) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for fourth-, sixth- and seventh-round picks (119th, 186th and 216th overall, Blackhawks selected Alexei Zotkin, Petr Puncochar and Oleg Minakov) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 140th overall, Sharks selected Tomas Plihal) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for fifth-, eighth- and ninth-round picks (the eighth-round pick previously received as compensation for the loss of Dave Lowry; 155th, 234th and 279th overall; Sabres selected Michal Vondrka, Calle Aslund and Ryan Jorde) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Nolan Pratt from the Colorado Avalanche for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles; 184th overall, Avalanche selected Scott Horvath) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired fourth-, fifth- and seventh-round picks (the fifth-round pick previously received as compensation for the loss of Adam Burt; 123rd, 138th and 219th overall, Lightning selected Aaron Lobb, Paul Lynch and Dennis Packard) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick (later traded to Vancouver; 68th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft; acquired an eighth-round pick (252nd overall, Lightning selected Jean-Francois Soucy) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and a ninth-round pick (287th overall, Lightning selected John Toffey) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a seventh-round pick (201st overall, Flyers selected Mathieu Brunelle) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 23, 2001
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Roman Turek and a fourth-round pick (124th overall, Flames selected Igor Shastin) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the St. Louis Blues for goaltender Fred Brathwaite, center Daniel Tkaczuk, left wing Sergei Varlamov and a ninth-round pick (270th overall, Blues selected Grant Jacobsen) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Igor Korolev from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 88th overall, Maple Leafs selected Nicolas Corbeil) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Jyrki Lumme from the Phoenix Coyotes for right wing Tyler Bouck.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis; 24th overall, Panthers selected Lukas Krajicek) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for two second-round picks (previously acquired from Phoenix and Vancouver; 44th and 48th overall, Devils selected Igor Pohanka and Tuomas Pihlman) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a second-round pick (later traded to Calgary; 56th overall) from the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for the rights to center Jiri Dopita; acquired right wing Valeri Bure and center Jason Wiemer from the Calgary Flames for center Rob Niedermayer and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 56th overall, Flames selected Andrei Medvedev) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a third-round pick (64th overall, Panthers selected Tomas Malec) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for a fourth-round pick (101st overall, Islanders selected Cory Stillman) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded back to Florida; 67th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Stephane Quintal from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick (104th overall, Blackhawks selected Brent MacLellan) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired a second-round pick (60th overall, Devils selected Victor Uchevatov) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Ottawa Senators for two third-round picks (the first one previously received as compensation for the loss of Vladimir Malakhov, the latter later traded to Tampa Bay; 81st and 94th overall, Senators selected Neil Komadoski) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired third- and fifth-round picks (the first one previously acquired from Carolina; 79th and 139th overall, Rangers selected Garth Murray and Shawn Collymore) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Minnesota Wild for a third-pick (74th overall, Wild selected Chris Heid) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Chris St. Croix from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Burke Henry.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired a first-round pick (11th overall, Coyotes selected Fredrik Sjostrom) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for first- and second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Calgary via Anaheim; 14th and 41st overall, Flames selected Chuck Kobasew and Andrei Taratukhin) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 78th overall, Coyotes selected Beat Schiess-Forster) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Atlanta; 112th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (84th overall, Devils selected Marek Chvatal) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired center Alexei Yashin from the Ottawa Senators for right wing Jason Muckalt, defenseman Zdeno Chara and a first-round pick (2nd overall, Senators selected Jason Spezza) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia via Tampa Bay; 23rd overall, Senators selected Tim Gleason) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for first- and seventh-round picks (the latter previously received as compensation for the loss of Shaun Van Allen; 27th and 225th overall, Flyers selected Jeff Woywitka and David Printz) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay, later traded to Dallas via Tampa Bay; 34th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft; acquired fourth- and seventh-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Buffalo; 99th and 218th overall, Senators selected Ray Emery and Jan Platil) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a third-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 94th overall, Lightning selected Evgeny Artyukhin) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders, later traded to Vancouver; 55th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a second-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey via Montreal; 61st overall, Lightning selected Andreas Holmqvist) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 22, 2001
Ottawa Senators: Named Don Jackson assistant coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Mathieu Biron and a second-round pick (later traded to Vancouver via the New York Islanders; 55th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for defenseman Adrian Aucoin and right wing Alexander Kharitonov.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Mikael Renberg from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Sergei Berezin; signed right wing Mikael Renberg to a multi-year contract.

Jun 21, 2001
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Martin Paroulek and center Andrej Nedorost.
New York Rangers: Signed center Andreas Johansson.

Jun 20, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Announced Guy Charron will return as an assistant coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Martin Paroulek and center Andrej Nedorost.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed general manager Craig Patrick to a five-year contract.

Jun 19, 2001
NHL: Approved sale of the Montreal Canadiens to George Gillett.
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired defenseman Keith Carney from the Phoenix Coyotes for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary, later traded backt to Calgary; 41st overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing J.P. Vigier.
Boston Bruins: Announced scouts Jean Ratelle, Jim Morrison and Bob Tindall will retire following the NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Curtis Murphy.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Branko Radivojevic to a multi-year contract.

Jun 18, 2001
Boston Bruins: Named John Whiteside strength and conditioning coach.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Shawn Carter.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Juha Ylonen from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Todd Warriner.

Jun 16, 2001 
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced that center Josef Marha will play with HC Davos in Switzerland next season.
Detroit Red Wings: Extended their affiliation agreement with the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks of the AHL through the 2001-02 season.
New York Islanders: Re-signed centers Oleg Kvasha and Mats Lindgren.

Jun 15, 2001
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Joe Juneau from the Phoenix Coyotes for future considerations; signed Juneau to a three-year contract.

Jun 14, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Exercised a one-year contract option on goaltender Steve Shields.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Steve Poapst.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed left wing John LeClair to a five-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Robert Scuderi.

Jun 13, 2001
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Sami Helenius to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Layne Ulmer.

Jun 12, 2001
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Fernando Pisani.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed coach Andy Murray to a two-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Matt Kinch.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Entered a one-year affiliation agreement with the Pensacola Ice Pilots of the ECHL.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Danny Markov from the Toronto Maple Leafs for centers Robert Reichel and Travis Green, and right wing Craig Mills
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed centers Travis Green and Robert Reichel to multi-year contracts.

Jun 11, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Exercised the contract options on right wing Dan Bylsma and left wing Jim Cummins.
New York Rangers: Signed with left wing Barrett Heisten.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Kevin Stevens.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed goaltender Vesa Toskala; signed defenseman Matt Carkner, center Craig Mischler and goaltender Seamus Kotyk.

Jun 9, 2001
New Jersey Devils: Goaltender John Vanbiesbrouck announced his retirement.

Jun 7, 2001
NHL: Announced 1999 unsigned draft choices right wing Kyle Wanvig, center Michael Zigomanis and goaltender Rob Zepp will re-enter the 2001 entry draft pool.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed right wing Jeff Odgers to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced coach Scotty Bowman will return in 2001-02.
Florida Panthers: Named Duane Sutter coach and signed him to a multi-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Exercised their contract option on right wing Glen Murray.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Wes Walz to a multi-year contract extension.

Jun 6, 2001
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Christian Chartier.

Jun 5, 2001 
Florida Panthers: Announced the sale of the team from Boca Resorts Inc. to a group headed by Alan Cohen and Bernie Kosar. 
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Jeremy Stevenson and defenseman Bert Robertsson to contract extensions.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Chris McAllister to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Martin Grenier to a multi-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced that the team has reached an affiliation agreement with the Manitoba Moose of the AHL.

Jun 4, 2001 
Atlanta Thrashers: Announced a multi-year affiliation agreement with Chicago of the AHL.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Jeff Bateman to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Gino Odjick to a two-year contract with a club option for 2003-04.
Vancouver Canucks: Extended the contract of senior vice president of hockey operations David Nonis through the 2003-04 season.

Jun 2, 2001
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Christian Berglund, goaltender Scott Clemmensen, left wing Brett Clouthier and right wing Brian Gionta. 
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Chris Kelly and goaltender Simon Lajeunesse to a multi-year contract.

Jun 1, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Derek MacKenzie, goaltender Rob Zepp, left wing David Kaczowka and defensemen Garnet Exelby and Luke Sellars.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Michael Leighton.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Jerome Marois to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wings Vladimir Orszagh and Konstantin Panov; exercised the option on goaltender Chris Mason for the 2001-02 season; claimed center Bill Bowler off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Scott Clemmensen, left wing Brett Clouthier, center Christian Berglund and right wing Brian Gionta.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Simon Lajeunesse and center Chris Kelly.
Phoenix Coyotes: Fired director of player development Gordie Roberts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Jonathan Zion to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Kevin Swanson.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Nolan Yonkman to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2001 
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Jukka Hentunen.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Alexander Auld from the Florida Panthers for a second-round pick (previously received as compensation for the loss of Mark Messier, later traded to New Jersey; 48th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to Buffalo via Atlanta; 82nd overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

May 30, 2001
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Ravil Gusmanov.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Patrice Brisebois to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Matthew Barnaby to a multi-year contract.

May 29, 2001
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Marc-Andre Bergeron to a three-year contract; right wing Craig Reichert to a two-year contract and right wing Kevin McDonald to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Marc-Andre Thinel to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Roman Tvrdon to a three-year contract.

May 25, 2001 
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Named Bryan Murray coach. 
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the resignation of assistant coach Zinetula Bilyaletdinov.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Igor Larionov to a one-year contract.

May 24, 2001
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Fredrik Olausson to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Mikhail Chernov from the Philadelphia Flyers for left wing Mike Watt.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Eric Lawson strength and conditioning coach.

May 23, 2001 
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Patrick Traverse to a three-year contract.

May 22, 2001:
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed coach Bill Barber and assistant coach E.J. McGuire to multi-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Purchased the franchise rights to Kentucky of the AHL.

May 21, 2001 
Minnesota Wild: Announced a affiliation agreement with Houston of the IHL.

May 18, 2001
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed center Sean Pronger off waivers from the New York Islanders.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Vladmir Orszagh to a two-year contract.

May 16, 2001
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the resignation of assistant general manager Taylor Burke.

May 14, 2001
Montreal Canadiens: Announced that Rick Green will return as assistant coach.

May 12, 2001
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of center Doug Gilmour.

May 11, 2001
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Jeff Jillson, their first-round pick (14th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

May 9, 2001
Boston Bruins: Named Robbie Ftorek coach.

May 8, 2001
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Jeff Panzer and right wing Greg Davis. 
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Graig Mischler.

May 7, 2001
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Karl Goehring and defenseman Duvie Westcott. 
Nashville Predators: Signed center Bryan Lundbohm.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Jassen Cullimore to a multi-year contract. 

May 4, 2001
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Oleg Petrov to a two-year contract with an option year. 

May 3, 2001
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Brian Sutter coach.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Martin Hlinka to a one-year contract.

May 2, 2001
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Erik Reitz to a multiyear contract.

May 1, 2001
Calgary Flames: Named Greg Gilbert coach and signed him to a two-year contract with a club option for a third year.

Apr 30, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Kamil Piros.

Apr 26, 2001
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Jarkko Ruutu.

Apr 24, 2001
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Nikita Alexeev, their first-round pick in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Apr 20, 2001
Ottawa Senators: Exercised the options on the contracts of defensemen Ricard Persson and Jamie Rivers and center Todd White.

Apr 18, 2001
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Ty Conklin to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Sean O'Connor.

Apr 12, 2001
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Blake Evans.

Apr 11, 2001
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed left wing Benoit Gratton off waivers from the Calgary Flames.

Apr 9, 2001
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Fired coach Guy Charron.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Bill Houlder to a contract extension.

Apr 8, 2001
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Travis Roche.

Apr 3, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed right wing Dany Heatley, their first-round pick in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Apr 1, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Ray Ferraro to a one-year contract.

Mar 31, 2001
Montreal Canadiens: Signed general manager Andre Savard to a three-year contract extension through the 2003-04 season and named him executive vice president; signed coach Michel Therrien to a one-year contract extension; announced that Martin Madden will be promoted to assistant general manager next season and signed him to a two-year contract.

Mar 29, 2001
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Ron Hainsey to a three-year contract.

Mar 28, 2001
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Chris Corrinet to a two-year contract.

Mar 27, 2001
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced that coach Alpo Suhonen will not finish the season because of medical reasons.

Mar 17, 2001
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Nikolai Khabibulin to a multi-year contract.

Mar 16, 2001
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Mike Minard.

Mar 14, 2001
Calgary Flames: Fired coach Don Hay. Named Greg Gilbert coach and Brian Skrudland assistant coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Radim Bicanek to a multi-year contract.

Mar 13, 2001
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired right wing Donald Audette from the Atlanta Thrashers for center Kamil Piros and a fourth-round pick (later traded to St. Louis; 122nd overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Steve Heinze from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a third-round pick (87th overall, Blue Jackets selected Per Mars) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed right wing Blake Sloan off waivers from the Dallas Stars; acquired left wing Ray Whitney from the Florida Panthers for center Kevyn Adams and a fourth-round pick (117th overall, Panthers selected Michael Woodford) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Grant Ledyard from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick (222nd overall, Lightning selected Jeremy van Hoof) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Curtis Leschyshyn from the Minnesota Wild for a third-round pick (93rd overall, Wild selected Stephane Veilleux) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Mike Sillinger from the Florida Panthers for past considerations. 
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Dean McAmmond from the Chicago Blackhawks for a third-round pick (later traded to Toronto; 88th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Todd Simpson from the Florida Panthers for a second-round pick (later trdaded to New Jersey; 44th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Dan LaCouture from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Sven Butenschon; acquired defenseman Frantisek Kucera from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a sixth-round pick (187th overall, Blue Jackets selected Artem Vostrikov) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired left wing Keith Tkachuk from the Phoenix Coyotes for centers Ladislav Nagy, Michal Handzus and Jeff Taffe and a first-round pick (23rd overall, Coyotes selected Ben Eager) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Cory Stillman from the Calgary Flames for center Craig Conroy and a seventh-round pick (220th overall, Flames selected David Moss) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; claimed center Sebastien Bordeleau off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center John Emmons from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Craig Millar.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Aki Berg from the Los Angeles Kings for center Adam Mair and a second-round pick (49th overall, Kings selected Mike Cammalleri) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Trevor Linden, right wing Dainius Zubrus and a second-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey, later traded to Tampa Bay; 61st overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Richard Zednik, center Jan Bulis and a first-round pick (25th overall, Canadiens selected Alexander Perezhogin) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Jason Marshall from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenseman Alexei Tezikov and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 119th overall, Mighty Ducks selected Brandon Rogers) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 12, 2001
New York Islanders: Acquired goaltender Chris Terreri and a ninth-round pick (287th overall, Islanders selected Juha-Pekka Ketola) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for goaltender John Vanbiesbrouck.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Jeff Norton from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Bobby Dollas and goaltender Johan Hedberg.

Mar 9, 2001
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Drake Berehowsky from the Nashville Predators for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Atlanta; 33rd overall, Predators selected Timofei Shishkanov) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

March 8, 2001 
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Marty McInnis to a three-year contract extension.

Mar 7, 2001 
New York Rangers: Claimed goaltender Guy Hebert off waivers from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks; acquired left wing Ryan Tobler from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Bert Robertsson.

Mar 6, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed right wing Zdenek Blatny.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Paul Ranheim to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Bill Lindsay from the Calgary Flames for an eighth-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota; 233rd overall, Flames selected Joe Campbell) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 5, 2001:
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Sean McAslan to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Peter Smrek from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Alexei Gusarov.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired right wing Teemu Selanne from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for left wing Jeff Friesen, goaltender Steve Shields and a second-round pick (later traded to Dallas; 36th overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Nikolai Khabibulin and defenseman Stan Neckar from the Phoenix Coyotes for right wing Mike Johnson, defenseman Paul Mara, right wing Ruslan Zainullin and a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 31st overall, Coyotes selected Matthew Spiller) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 4, 2001
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Sean O'Donnell from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman Willie Mitchell and future considerations.
New York Islanders: Fired coach Butch Goring; named Lorne Henning interim coach.

Mar 3, 2001
Washington Capitals: Acquired center David Emma from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Remi Royer.

Mar 1, 2001
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Scott Pellerin from the Minnesota Wild for left wing Askhat Rakhmatullin, a third-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers; 79th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Eric Lacroix from the New York Rangers for left wing Colin Forbes.

Feb 28, 2001
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired goaltender Steve Passmore from the Los Angeles Kings for an eighth-round pick (237th overall, Kings selected Mike Gabinet) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 27, 2001
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Steve Kelly from the New Jersey Devils for future considerations.

Feb 26, 2001
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Sean Burke to a multi-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Promoted John Ferguson from assistant general manager to vice president and director of hockey operations.

Feb 23, 2001
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Bob Corkum from the Los Angeles Kings for future considerations.

Feb 22, 2001
Edmonton Oilers: Named Pete Peeters goaltending coach.

Feb 21, 2001
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Rob Blake and center Steven Reinprecht from the Los Angeles Kings for right wing Adam Deadmarsh, defenseman Aaron Miller, center Jared Aulin, a first-round pick (30th overall, Kings selected Dave Steckel) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and a first-round pick (26th overall, Kings selected Brian Boyle) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 20, 2001
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Maxim Galanov from the Tampa Bay Lightning for ... Konstantin Kalmikov.

Feb 19, 2001
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Justin Cox to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Tom Fitzgerald to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Shane Churla and Warren Rychel scouts.

Feb 17, 2001:
Phoenix Coyotes: Fired general manager Bobby Smith; named Cliff Fletcher executive vice president and general manager, Pat Conacher assistant coach and Dave Draper vice president of scouting and player personnel.

Feb 16, 2002
Calgary Flames: Signed center Ron Sutter.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Wade Flaherty from the New York Islanders in exchange for a conditional pick (not exercised) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed defenseman Wade Belak off waivers from the Calgary Flames.

Feb 15, 2001
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Steve Sullivan to a multi-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired goaltender Felix Potvin from the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Francis Belanger to a two-year contract.

Feb 14, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed defenseman Chris Joseph off waivers from the Phoenix Coyotes.

Feb 13, 2001
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Matt Zultek from the Boston Bruins for a ninth-round pick (282nd overall, Bruins selected Marcel Rodman) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 10, 2001
St. Louis Blues: Waived defenseman Dan Trebil.

Feb 9, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired right wing Ladislav Kohn from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenseman Sergei Vyshedkevich and goaltender Scott Langkow.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Scott Mellanby from the Florida Panthers for right wing Dave Morisset and a fifth-round pick (158th overall, Panthers selected Vince Bellisimo) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 7, 2001
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Raffi Torres, their first-round pick in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Dan Cloutier from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Adrian Aucoin and a second-round pick (47th overall, Lightning selected Alexander Polushin) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 5, 2001
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing John MacLean from the New York Rangers for future considerations.

Feb 1, 2001
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Jody Shelley.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Terry Murray scout.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Grant Ledyard; acquired right wing Matthew Barnaby from the Pittsburgh Penguins for center Wayne Primeau.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Peter Bondra to a four-year contract extension; acquired right wing Brantt Myhres from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.

Jan 31, 2001
Vancouver Canucks: Signed president-general manager Brian Burke to a three-year contract extension through the 2003-04 season.

Jan 27, 2001
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Mike Vernon to a contract extension through the 2001-02 season.

Jan 23, 2001
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Bryan Muir from the Tampa Bay Lightning for an eighth-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 259th overall, Blue Jackets selected Dmitri Bezrukov) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 21, 2001
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Vaclav Prospal from the Ottawa Senators for future considerations.

Jan 19, 2001
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Tomas Vokoun to a contract-extension.

Jan 17, 2001
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Craig Ramsay associate coach.

Jan 16, 2001
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Zinetula Bilyaletdinov developmental coach.
St. Louis Blues: Named Alain Vigneault scout.

Jan 14, 2001
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Jiri Slegr from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose via Minnesota, later traded to Blue Jackets; 85th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman John Slaney from the Pittsburgh Penguins for left wing Kevin Stevens.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Krzysztof Oliwa from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose via Minnesota and Atlanta; 85th overall, Blue Jackets selected Aaron Johnson) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 13, 2001
New York Rangers: Claimed left wing Jeff Toms off waivers from the New York Islanders.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Steve McKenna from the Minnesota Wild for center Roman Simicek.

Jan 12, 2001
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Rory Fitzpatrick from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed left wing Johan Witehall off waivers from the New York Rangers.

Jan 11, 2001
New York Islanders: Acquired left wing Craig Berube from the Washington Capitals for a ninth-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 275th overall, Capitals selected Robert Muller) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 10, 2001
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed goaltender Dominic Roussel off waivers from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks.

Jan 6, 2001 
Tampa Bay Lightning: Fired coach Steve Ludzik and named John Tortorella coach.

Jan 5, 2001
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Benoit Hogue, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a contract through the 2001-02 season.

Jan 4, 2001
New York Islanders: Acquired center Steve Martins from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations.

Jan 3, 2001 
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Marko Tuomainen.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Cliff Ronning and right wing Vitali Yachmenev.
New York Islanders: Acquired center Jason Blake from the Los Angeles Kings for a fifth-round pick (157th overall, Kings selected Joel Andresen) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 2, 2001 
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed defenseman Robert Schnabel off waivers from the Phoenix Coyotes.
