Dec 30, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Matt McCue to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Dustin Tokarski to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Jason LaBarbera from the Los Angeles Kings for a seventh-round pick (later traded to Atlanta; 203rd overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 29, 2008
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Claude Lemieux to a two-way contract.

Dec 19, 2008
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Maxime Talbot to a two-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Jonathan Filewich from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a conditional sixth-round pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 18, 2008
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Mats Sundin, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.

Dec 14, 2008
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Brian Sutherby from the Anaheim Ducks for center David McIntyre and a sixth-round pick (161st overall, Ducks selected Andreas Dahlstrom) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 12, 2008
New Jersey Devils: Waived center Petr Vrana.

Dec 11, 2008
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Dana Tyrell to a three-year contract.

Dec 9, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Eric Tangradi to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Jimmy Sharrow from the Vancouver Canucks for a conditional pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 6, 2008
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named David Nonis senior vice president of hockey operations.

Dec 3, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Logan Stephenson from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Joakim Lindstrom.
Carolina Hurricanes: Fired head coach Peter Laviolette; named Paul Maurice head coach and Ron Francis associate coach.

Nov 30, 2008
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Andrew Hutchinson from the Tampa Bay Lightning for right wing Lauri Tukonen.

Nov 28, 2008
Washington Capitals: Signed defensemen Bryan Helmer.

Nov 27, 2008
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Wade Belak from the Florida Panthers for center Nick Tarnasky.
Ottawa Senators: Waived defenseman Luke Richardson.

Nov 24, 2008
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Lee Stempniak from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Carlo Colaiacovo and center Alexander Steen.

Nov 20, 2008
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed left wing David Koci off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.

Nov 18, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Named David McNab senior vice president of hockey operations.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed right wing B.J. Crombeen off waivers from the Dallas Stars.

Nov 17, 2008
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Paul Stastny to a five-year contract extension.

Nov 16, 2008
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Darryl Sydor from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Philippe Boucher.

Nov 14, 2008
Tampa Bay Lightning: Fired head coach Barry Melrose; promoted associate coach Rick Tocchet to interim head coach.

Nov 13, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Denis Savard team ambassador.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman John Carlson to a three-year contract.

Nov 12, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Named Brian Burke special consultant to the chief executive officer and Bob Murray executive vice president and general manager.

Nov 11, 2008
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed right wing Jesse Boulerice off waivers from the Colorado Avalanche.

Nov 7, 2008
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Matt Carle and a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 87th overall, Flyers selected Simon Bertilsson) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Steve Eminger, right wing Steve Downie and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 93rd overall, Lightning selected Alex Hutchings) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 5, 2008
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Mark Parrish to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center David Desharnais to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the resignation of executive vice president and chief operating officer Sean Henry.

Nov 3, 2008
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Drew Fata from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Alexander Nikulin.

Oct 31, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Michael Ryan to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Steve Thomas executive vice president.

Oct 30, 2008
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Hugh Jessiman from the New York Rangers for future considerations; acquired defenseman Tim Ramholt from the Philadelphia Flyers for left wing Josh Gratton.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Daniel Alfredsson to a four-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Chris Holt.
Washington Capitals: Named Kelly Murray communications coordinator.

Oct 29, 2008
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Alexander Vasyunov.

Oct 28, 2008
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed defenseman Ken Klee off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Oct 27, 2008
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Alex Grant to a three-year contract.

Oct 24, 2008
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Perry Elderbroom interim goaltending consultant.
Los Angeles Kings: Reached an affiliation agreement with Ontario of the ECHL.

Oct 23, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Bret Hedican to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Marek Malik to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman John Erskine to a two-year contract extension.

Oct 22, 2008
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Jake Allen.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Promoted Brian Lawton to executive vice president and general manager.

Oct 21, 2008
St. Louis Blues: Claimed left wing David Koci off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed left wing Matt Pettinger off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.

Oct 20, 2008
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Devin DiDiomete.

Oct 17, 2008
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Jordan Knackstedt.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Marc Bergevin assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Andrew Campbell to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Greene to a five-year contract extension.

Oct 16, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Fired head coach Denis Savard; named Joel Quenneville head coach.

Oct 15, 2008
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced an affiliation agreement with Mississippi of the ECHL.

Oct 14, 2008
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Tysen Dowzak.

Oct 13, 2008
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Andrew Alberts from the Boston Bruins for left wing Ned Lukacevic and a conditional fourth-round pick (dependent on the Flyers not re-signing Alberts before the end of the 2008-09 season; 112th overall, Bruins selected Lane MacDermid) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 11, 2008
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Anze Kopitar to a seven-year contact extension.

Oct 10, 2008
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Joey Haddad to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Alex Edler to a four-year contract extension.

Oct 9, 2008
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center Mike Zigomanis from the Phoenix Coyotes for future considerations.
San Jose Sharks: Released left wing Jeff Friesen.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Tyson Strachan.

Oct 8, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed defenseman Doug Janik off waivers from the Dallas Stars.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Doug Janik from the Chicago Blackhawks for a seventh-round pick (191st overall, Blackhawks selected Macmillian Carruth) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Claimed center Nate Thompson off waivers from the Boston Bruins.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing Tomas Plihal and defenseman Alexei Semenov to one-year contracts.

Oct 7, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed left wing Joakim Lindstrom off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
Boston Bruins: Waived left wing Peter Schaefer and centers Nate Thompson and Jeremy Reich; announced the retirement of defenseman Mike Egener.
Chicago Blackhawks: Released center Kevyn Adams.
Dallas Stars: Released right wing Konstantin Pushkarev.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Patrick O'Sullivan to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Luke Schenn to a three-year contract.

Oct 6, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Dan LaCouture to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Released defenseman Richard Matvichuk.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Shane O'Brien and right wing Michel Ouellet from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Lukas Krajicek and right wing Juraj Simek.

Oct 5, 2008
Montreal Canadiens: Waived defenseman Alex Henry.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Cody Hodgson.

Oct 4, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed defenseman Nathan McIver off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Zach Boychuk to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Released right wing Jesse Boulerice.
Nashville Predators: Waived left wing Triston Grant.

Oct 3, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed left wing Joakim Lindstrom off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Thomas McCollum to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Justin Falk.

Oct 2, 2008
Boston Bruins: Waived center Martin St. Pierre.
Dallas Stars: Claimed defenseman Doug Janik off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Martin Jones to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Josh Bailey to a three-year contract.

Oct 1, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Claimed left wing Matt Ellis off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Waived center Ryan Potulny and right wing Carl Corazzini; released right wing Guillaume Lefebvre.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Luca Sbisa.
Phoenix Coyotes: Waived defenseman Ryan Lannon and center Mike Zigomanis.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Michal Sersen from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fifth-round pick (123rd overall, Penguins selected Alex Velischek) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Dan Gendur.

Sep 30, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Released center Jeff O'Neill.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Released goaltender Sebastian Dahm.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Brian Lashoff and left wing Brent Raedeke to three-year contracts; released defensemen Kyle Deck and Martin Ondrej.
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed defenseman Steve MacIntyre off waivers from the Florida Panthers.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Sean O'Donnell from the Anaheim Ducks for a conditional third-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Released center Michael Ryan.
Philadelphia Flyers: Released defensemen Brad Brown and Tim Branham, left wing Dennis Packard and right wings Mike Kaye and Igor Karlov.
Washington Capitals: Released defenseman Jakub Cutta.

Sep 29, 2008
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Nick Tarnasky from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a conditional sixth-round pick (dependent on Tarnasky playing in less than 55 games for the Predators in the 2008-09 season; 162nd overall, Lightning selected Jaroslav Janus) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Claimed defenseman Thomas Pock off waivers from the New York Rangers.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Jason Demers to a three-year contract; released defenseman Joe Rullier.

Sep 28, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Teemu Selanne to a two-year contract.

Sep 27, 2008
Boston Bruins: Waived defensemen Mike Egener, Johnny Boychuk and Ryan Stokes.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Luke Richardson to a one-year contract.

Sep 26, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Mathieu Schneider from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Ken Klee and left wings Brad Larsen and Chad Painchaud.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Guillaume Monast to a three-year contract and defenseman Trevor Ludwig to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Released center Petr Nedved.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Tyler Kennedy to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Released goaltender Karl Goehring.

Sep 25, 2008
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Robert Mayer to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Mark Cundari.

Sep 24, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Tobias Enstrom to a four-year contract extension through the 2012-13 season.

Sep 23, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Maxime Macenauer and defenseman Eric Regan to three-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named John Muckler senior advisor to the general manager; signed associate coach Ulf Samuelsson to a contract extension.

Sep 22, 2008
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Evgeny Grachev.

Sep 21, 2008
San Jose Sharks: Named John Ferguson Jr. director of pro scouting and Dirk Graham, Shin Larsson and Jason Rowe scouts.

Sep 20, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Signed general manager Darcy Regier to a two-year contract extension.

Sep 19, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Teemu Selanne to a tryout contract; re-signed left wing Drew Miller to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Dale Weise.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Derek MacKinnon professional scout.

Sep 18, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Jason Pominville to a five-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Announced the resignation of assistant coach Wayne Fleming.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Aubin to a one-year contract.

Sep 17, 2008
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Darren McCarty to a one-year contract.

Sep 15, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Matt Murley to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Jarret Stoll to a four-year contract and center Brad Richardson to a two-year contract.

Sep 12, 2008
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Robert Lang from the Chicago Blackhawks for a second-round pick (perviously acquired from Toronto, later traded to Boston via Toronto; 32nd overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed defenseman Patrice Brisebois to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Rod Pelley.
New York Islanders: Named Gerard Gallant special consultant to the general manager.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Sean Zimmerman from the New Jersey Devils for left wing Kevin Cormier.

Sep 11, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Eric Staal to a seven-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Tyson Nash radio analyst.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Scott Mellanby pro scout, Lorne Henning vice president of player personnel and assistant general manager, Laurence Gilman vice president of hockey operations and assistant general manager and Stan Smyl senior advisor to the general manager.

Sep 4, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Zach Bogosian to a multi-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Jordan Bendfeld to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Brad Isbister to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Alex Pietrangelo.

Sep 2, 2008
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Ryan Shannon from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Lawrence Nycholat.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Mike Van Ryn from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Bryan McCabe and a fourth-round pick (92nd overall, Maple Leafs selected Sam Brittain) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Aug 30, 2008
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Andrej Meszaros to a six-year contract.

Aug 29, 2008
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Maksim Mayorov to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Andrej Meszaros from the Ottawa Senators for defensemen Filip Kuba and Alexandre Picard and a first-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose, later traded to Anaheim via New York Islanders and Columbus; 26th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Aug 28, 2008
Boston Bruins: Signed defensemen Ryan Stokes and Mike Egener.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Tim Brent.
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of center Stu Barnes; named Barnes assistant coach and signed him to a two-year contract; signed associate coach Rick Wilson and assistant coach Mark Lamb to two-year contract extensions.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Colten Teubert to a three-year contract.

Aug 27, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Joakim Lindstrom to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Joe Sakic to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Viatcheslav Voynov and center Andrei Loktionov to three-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Eric Lacroix Western professional scout.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Marc-Edouard Vlasic to a four-year contract extension.

Aug 26, 2008
Nashville Predators: Signed center Nick Spaling.

Aug 25, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Akim Aliu.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Tomas Kundratek.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Adam Keefe and right wing Simon Ferguson.

Aug 22, 2008
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed an affiliation agreement with Johnstown of the ECHL.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Ronald J. Campbell special advisor to ownership.

Aug 20, 2008
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Aaron Downey to a one-year contract.

Aug 15, 2008
Edmonton Oilers: Named Bob Stauffer radio analyst.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Yannick Weber to a three-year contract.

Aug 14, 2008
Florida Panthers: Signed center Drew Larman to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Zack Smith; signed a one-year affiliation agreement with Elmira of the ECHL.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed head coach John Stevens to a two-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Joel Perrault to a two-year contract.

Aug 13, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Jimmy Bonneau.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Darryl Williams assistant coach.

Aug 12, 2008
New York Islanders: Named Scott Gordon head coach.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing Lukas Kaspar to a one-year contract; signed right wing Ryan Vesce to a one-year contract.

Aug 11, 2008
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Tom Fritsche and defenseman Nigel Williams.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Drew Doughty to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Chet Pickard.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Geoff Waugh to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Chris Therien radio analyst.

Aug 8, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Teppo Numminen to a one-year contract; signed left wing Tyler Bouck.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Cam Cunning.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Pascal Pelletier to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Promoted Rick Olczyk to assistant general manager and director of hockey operations-legal affairs.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Janis Sprukts to a two-year contract.

Aug 7, 2008
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Craig Berube assistant coach.

Aug 6, 2008
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Chad Anderson to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center David Steckel to a one-year contract extension.

Aug 5, 2008
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Triston Grant to a one-year contract.

Aug 4, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Colton Fretter and left wing Colin Murphy.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed assistant coach Paul MacLean to a three-year contract; signed assistant coach Brad McCrimmon to a three-year contract and video coach Keith McKittrick to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Mark Hardy assistant coach; fired assistant coaches Mike Johnston and Dave Lewis.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Dan Bylsma head coach of Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the AHL.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Ryane Clowe to a one-year contract.

Jul 31, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Scotty Bowman senior advisor and signed him to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Kevin Lowe president of hockey operations and Steve Tambellini general manager.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Ville Koistinen to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Antoine Vermette to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Francis Lessard.

Jul 30, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Drayson Bowman to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed an affiliation agreement with Fresno of the ECHL; named Jordan Horst media relations assistant.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed goaltender Pascal Leclaire to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Valtteri Filppula to a five-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed a one-year affiliation agreement with South Carolina of the ECHL.

Jul 29, 2008
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Josh Hennessy to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Dave Gove and defenseman Danny Richmond to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Steven Stamkos to a three-year contract.

Jul 28, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed right wing Matt Siddall to a multi-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed centers Nate Thompson and Martin St. Pierre.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Jay Bouwmeester to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Fredrik Sjostrom.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Jeff Glass to a one-year contract.

Jul 26, 2008
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Pierre-Marc Bouchard to a five-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Shaone Morrisonn to a one-year contract.

Jul 25, 2008
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Marek Svatos to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Mike York to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Yanick Lehoux to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Rich Peverley to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Pekka Rinne to a one-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Bruno Gervais to a three-year contract.

Jul 24, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Randy Cunneyworth and Todd Nelson assistant coaches.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Mathieu Darche.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Pascal Pelletier from the Boston Bruins for center Martin St. Pierre.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Jason Serbus head trainer.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed a one-year affiliation agreement with Augusta of the ECHL.

Jul 23, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed coach Randy Carlyle to a two-year contract extension.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Dennis Wideman to a multi-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Mike Haviland assistant coach.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Ryan Oulahen to a one-year contract; signed right wing Darren Haydar to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Named Trent Yawney, Todd Richards and Jay Woodcroft assistant coaches and Corey Schwab goaltending development coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defensemen Nathan McIver, Zach FitzGerald and James Sharrow, center Rick Rypien and right wings Ryan Shannon and Mike Brown.

Jul 22, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Ryan Donally to a two-year contract and left wings Josh Green and Troy Bodie and center Eric Boguniecki to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Hugh Jessiman.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Kevin Marshall.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Daniel Carcillo to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing Riley Armstrong and right wing Mike Morris to one-year contracts; signed goaltenders Tyson Sexsmith and Timo Pielmeier to three-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Tim Hunter and Rob Zettler assistant coaches.

Jul 21, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed goaltender Corey Crawford to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing Lauri Tukonen from the Los Angeles Kings for left wing Richard Clune.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Jonathan Ericsson and goaltender Jimmy Howard to three-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Peter Harrold to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Fedor Fedorov.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Greg Moore.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Joffrey Lupul to a four-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Paul Bissonnette and left wing Jeff Taffe to one-year contracts and right wing Jonathan Filewich to a two-year contract.

Jul 20, 2008
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Andre Roy.

Jul 19, 2008
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Stephane Veilleux to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Frans Nielsen to a four-year contract.

Jul 18, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Angelo Esposito to a multi-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Ryan Miller to a five-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed chief amateur scout Michel Dumas to a multi-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Jeff Drouin-Deslauriers to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center David Meckler to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Brian Fahey.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Garth Murray to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed head coach Michel Therrien to a three-year contract.

Jul 17, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Marty Reasoner; re-signed left wing Brett Sterling to a multi-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Adam Pardy.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Aaron Rome to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Terry Murray head coach.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Max Pacioretty to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Jay Leach and left wings Jon DiSalvatore and Chad Wiseman.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Danny Richmond from the Chicago Blackhawks for center Tim Brent.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defensemen Matt Kinch and Brett Westgarth to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Andy Wozniewski.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Mike Vernon special assistant to the vice president of hockey operations.

Jul 16, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed goaltender Kari Lehtonen.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Daniel Paille to a multi-year contract; announced left wing Clarke MacArthur and right wing Mark Mancari have accepted their qualifying offers.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Jamie Lundmark.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Alexandre Picard and defenseman Marc Methot to one-year contracts; signed center Steve Kelly to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Shawn Horcoff to a six-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Gabe Gauthier to a two-year contract and goaltender Erik Ersberg, left wing Matt Moulson and defenseman Joe Piskula to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Peter Olvecky and defenseman Clayton Stoner to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Ryan O'Byrne to a three-year contract and defenseman Shawn Belle to a one-year contract; signed right wing Mike Glumac to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Kevin Klein to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wings Jeff Tambellini and Sean Bergenheim to two-year contracts; announced centers Jeremy Colliton and Ben Walter have accepted their qualifying offers.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Nigel Dawes.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Jeff Hoggan and defenseman Ryan Lannon to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Jeff Woywitka to a one-year contract; signed left wing Brad Winchester.

Jul 15, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Joakim Lindstrom from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fourth-round pick (102nd overall, Blue Jackets selected Mathieu Corbeil-Theriault) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; signed center Logan MacMillan to a three-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed defenseman Nathan Oystrick and right wing Joey Crabb.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defensemen Aaron Johnson and Doug Janik to one-year contracts; re-signed center Colin Fraser to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Cody McCormick to a one-year contract; signed right wing Brian Willsie to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of right wing Dallas Drake.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Zack Stortini to a three-year contract and right wing Carl Corazzini to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman John Scott, center Corey Locke and right wing Danny Irmen to one-year contracts; signed center Bryan Lundbohm to a one-year contract and defenseman Brandon Rogers to a multi-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Dan Fritsche.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Eric Desjardins player development coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Ryan Lannon and left wing Jeff Hoggan to one-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed centers Kris Beech and Ryan Stone to one-year contracts; signed right wing Bill Thomas to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Brendan Buckley and center Corey Larose to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Steve Regier and center Cam Paddock.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defensemen Jaime Sifers and Richard Petiot, center Alex Foster and right wing Ben Ondrus to one-year contracts.

Jul 14, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Jason Williams.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Mark Flood, center Joe Jensen and right wing Patrick Dwyer to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Cody McLeod to a one-year contract; signed goaltenders Jason Bacashihua and Tyler Weiman, defensemen Darcy Campbell and Aaron MacKenzie and centers Nathan Smith and Philippe Dupuis.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Craig MacDonald to a one-year contract; re-signed center Derek MacKenzie to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed head coach Dave Tippett to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Joel Ward to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Fired head coach Ted Nolan.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Marcel Goc and right wings Tom Cavanagh and Brad Staubitz to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Matt Foy; re-signed center Jay McClement to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Mike Smith to a two-year contact extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Ryan Hollweg from the New York Rangers for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh, later traded back to Pittsburgh; 151st overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Jason Krog.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Sergei Fedorov to a one-year contract.

Jul 13, 2008
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Vincent Lecavalier to a 11-year contract extension.

Jul 11, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Brennan Evans to a two-year contract and defenseman Steve Montador to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Tommy Alva athletic trainer.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Michael Peca to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Jamie Benn to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named Jack Birch director of player personnel and professional scout.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Corey Locke from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Shawn Belle; signed center Krys Kolanos to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Named Curtis Hunt assistant coach; signed goaltender Mitchell O'Keefe and defenseman Brendan Bell to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Marcel Goc to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the resignation of executive vice president and general manager Jay Feaster, effective immediately; re-signed center Chris Gratton to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center-right wing Boyd Gordon to a one-year contract.

Jul 10, 2008
Calgary Flames: Named Duane Sutter director of player personnel and Jamie McLennan professional scout and director of goaltender development.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Nikita Filatov to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Jason Strudwick to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Named Matt Shaw assistant coach.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Vladimir Denisov.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Doug Sulliman assistant coach.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Connor James and defenseman Joey Mormina to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Mike Weaver.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Zenon Konopka to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Pavol Demitra and defenseman Rob Davison.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Eric Fehr to a one-year contract.

Jul 9, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Eric Boulton to a multi-year contract; signed right wings Junior Lessard and Mike Hoffman and center Grant Stevenson.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Chad LaRose to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Promoted Mark Kelley to director of amateur scouting.
Colorado Avalanche: Named Dave Barr assistant coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed coach Ken Hitchcock to a three-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Marc Pouliot and left wing Jean-Francois Jacques to two-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Announced right wing Anthony Stewart has accepted his qualifying offer; named Jim Hulton assistant coach and Jamie Pringle video coach.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Josh Gorges to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Josh Gratton to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Thomas Steen professional scout.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Christian Ehrhoff to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Andrew Hutchinson to a two-year contract; named Rick Tocchet, Wes Walz and Cap Raeder assistant coaches, Tom Kurvers assistant general manager, Jim Hammett director of player personnel and Greg Malone professional scout.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Brooks Laich to a three-year contract.

Jul 8, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Brendan Morrison to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Andrey Plekhanov to a two-year contract and defenseman Clay Wilson and left wing John Vigilante to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed goaltender Jaroslav Halak to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Joe Callahan to a one-year contract and defenseman Brendan Witt to a two-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Paul Mara; named Mike Barnett senior advisor to the president and general manager and director of United States amateur scouting.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Jason Smith to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltending coach Grant Fuhr to a contract extension; named Gord Pell amateur scout and Robert Nordmark European scout.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman T.J. Kemp and left wing Adam Henrich to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Evgeny Artyukhin to a multi-year contract, right wing Brandon Bochenski to a two-year contract and right wing Mark Recchi to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Joe Nieuwendyk special assistant to the general manager.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Steve Bernier.

Jul 7, 2008
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Todd Bertuzzi to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Dennis Seidenberg to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Matt Walker to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center R.J. Umberger to a four-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Tomas Mojzis to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Ryan Flinn to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Greg Mauldin to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed general manager Paul Holmgren to a three-year contract extension; signed right Arron Asham to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Janne Pesonen to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Ben Lovejoy.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Matt Stajan to a two-year contract.

Jul 6, 2008
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Barry Brust to a multi-year contract and right wing Jesse Schultz to a one-year contract.

Jul 5, 2008
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Matt Cooke to a two-year contract.

Jul 4, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Craig Rivet and a seventh-round pick (208th overall, Sabres selected Riley Boychuk) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for second-round picks in the 2009 (43rd overall, Sharks selected William Wrenn) and 2010 (later traded to Carolina; 53rd overall) NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Rene Bourque.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defensemen Dan Boyle and Brad Lukowich from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defensemen Matt Carle and Ty Wishart, a first-round pick (later traded to Anaheim via Ottawa, New York Islanders and Columbus; 26th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (118th overall, Lightning selected James Mullin) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Mikhail Grabovski to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Steve Bernier from the Buffalo Sabres for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles; 66th overall, Sabres selected Brayden McNaab) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to Columbus; 55th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; signed center Mark Cullen.

Jul 3, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Dwight Helminen to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Daniel Tjarnqvist to a one-year contract; signed left wing Chris Durno.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Chris MacFarland assistant general manager, Josh Flynn manager of hockey administration and Mike Vogt athletic trainer.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Landon Wilson to a one-year contract; signed defensemen Maxime Fortunus and Garrett Stafford and left wing Francis Wathier to two-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Taylor Chorney to a three-year entry level contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Rory Fitzpatrick, left wing Steve MacIntyre and goaltender Chris Beckford-Tseu to two-year contracts; signed defenseman James DeLory to a three-year entry level contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Antti Miettinen to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Marc Denis and defenseman Alex Henry to one-year contracts and right wing Georges Laraque to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Cedric Desjardins to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed centesr Mike Iggulden and Kurtis McLean, defensemen Brett Skinner and Chris Lee, left wing Mitch Fritz and goaltender Peter Mannino.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Marcus Naslund, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Dmitri Kalinin, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman David Hale to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Matt Jones to a two-year contract and right wing Brian McGrattan to a one-year contract; signed right wing Francis Lessard; signed a two-year affiliation agreement with San Antonio of the AHL.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Ruslan Fedotenko and right wing Miroslav Satan to one-year contracts; re-signed goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury to a seven-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Rob Blake to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Yan Stastny to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing David Koci to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Scott Jackson to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Dominic Moore to a one-year contract; re-signed center John Mitchell to a two-year contract; signed right wing Greg Scott to a three-year contract; acquired center Mikhail Grabovski from the Montreal Canadiens for the rights to defenseman Greg Pateryn and a second-round pick (later traded to Boston via Chicago and Toronto; 32nd overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Victoria of the ECHL.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Keith Aucoin to a two-year contract.

Jul 2, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Stu Bickel to a three-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Ron Hainsey to a multi-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Petteri Nokelainen to a multi-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wings Curtis Glencross and Pete Vandermeer; re-signed defenseman Jim Vandermeer.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Joni Pitkanen to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Josef Melichar to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Mark Bernard general manager of minor league affiliations.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Wojtek Wolski to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defensemen Fedor Tyutin and Christian Backman from the New York Rangers for right wing Nikolai Zherdev and center Dan Fritsche; signed left wing Kristian Huselius to a four-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Sean Avery to a four-year contract; re-signed right wing B.J. Crombeen to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Marian Hossa to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Kurtis Foster to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Andrei Kostitsyn to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Yann Danis to a one-year contract; signed center Doug Weight to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Shean Donovan to a two-year contract; signed left wing Jarkko Ruutu to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Randy Jones to a two-year contract and left wing Riley Cote to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Al Montoya and left wing David Spina; signed defenseman Drew Fata and right wing Derek Nesbitt.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Evgeni Malkin to a five-year contract extension; re-signed defenseman Brooks Orpik to a six-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Ryan Craig to a two-year contract and defenseman Janne Niskala to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed centers Ryan Johnson and Alexander Bolduc and defenseman Nolan Baumgartner; re-signed center Kyle Wellwood and goaltender Curtis Sanford.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Graham Mink and defenseman Tyler Sloan.

Jul 1, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Corey Perry to a five-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Blake Wheeler; signed right wing Michael Ryder, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Patrick Lalime, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Rene Bourque from the Chicago Blackhawks for a second-round pick (later traded to Toronto; 43rd overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed left wing Brandon Prust and right wing David Van Der Gulik; signed defensemen Mark Giordano and Ryan Wilson.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Ryan Bayda and defensemen Anton Babchuk and Wade Brookbank to one-year contracts and defenseman Tim Conboy to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Brian Campbell, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to an eight-year contract and goaltender Cristobal Huet, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a four-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Andrew Raycroft, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, and left wing Per Ledin to one-year contracts and left wing Darcy Tucker,, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Mike Commodore, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a five-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Brad Stuart to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Ty Conklin, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Erik Cole from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Joni Pitkanen; acquired center Gilbert Brule from the Columbus Blue Jackets for left wing Raffi Torres.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Cory Stillman, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Denis Gauthier and a second-round pick (later traded to Minnesota via Florida; 59th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Patrik Hersley and left wing Ned Lukacevic.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Marek Zidlicky from the Nashville Predators for right wing Ryan Jones and a second-round pick (42nd overall, Predators selected Charles-Olivier Roussel) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Andrew Brunette, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, and right wing Craig Weller, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to multi-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Andrei Kostitsyn to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Drew MacIntyre, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed right wings David Clarkson and Barry Tallackson, left wing Jay Pandolfo and defenseman Bryce Salvador; signed center Bobby Holik, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, and right wings Brian Rolston, who had been with the Minnesota Wild; signed right wings Matt Halischuk and Vladimir Zharkov.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Mark Streit, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a five-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wings Patrick Rissmiller, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, and Aaron Voros, who had been with the Minnesota Wild and defensemen Wade Redden, who had been with the Ottawa Senators; re-signed defenseman Michal Rozsival and goaltender Stephen Valiquette; signed right wing Andreas Jamtin.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Alex Auld, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Glen Metropolit, who had been with the Boston Bruins, and left wing Sean Curry to two-year contracts and right wing Nate Raduns and defenseman Ossi Vaananen to one-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Todd Fedoruk, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a three-year contract and defenseman Kurt Sauer, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a four-year contract; signed right wings Mikkel Boedker and Viktor Tikhonov, their first-round picks in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Pascal Dupuis to a three-year contract and defenseman Mark Eaton to a two-year contract; signed right wing Eric Godard, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center David Backes to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wings Radim Vrbata, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, and Adam Hall, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to three-year contracts and goaltender Olaf Kolzig, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Curtis Joseph, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jeff Finger, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, and left wing Niklas Hagman, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to four-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Darcy Hordichuk, who had been with the Nashville Predators.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Mike Green to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Jose Theodore, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract.

Jun 30, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Paul Gaustad to a four-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Andreas Lilja to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing Rostislav Olesz to a six-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Matt Zaba to a contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Jeremy Yablonski to a two-year entry level contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Tim Ramholt from the Calgary Flames for left wing Kyle Greentree.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing Jody Shelley to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Janne Niskala from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick (153rd overall, Flyers selected Dave Labrecque) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Gary Roberts to a one-year contract and left wing/center Vaclav Prospal to a multi-year contract; signed left wing Ryan Malone to a seven-year contract.

Jun 29, 2008
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Lubomir Visnovsky from the Los Angeles Kings for center Jarret Stoll and defenseman Matt Greene.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Steve Eminger to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired the rights to right wing Brian Rolston from the Minnesota Wild for a conditional fourth-round pick (dependent on Rolston not signing with the Lightning whilst Ryan Malone doing so; later traded to Edmonton; 99th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 28, 2008
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired the rights to left wings Ryan Malone and Gary Roberts from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a conditional third-round pick (dependent on Malone signing with the Lightning prior to the 2008-09 season; 63rd overall, Penguins selected Ben Hanowski) oin the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 27, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Waived left wing Todd Bertuzzi.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed centers Craig Conroy and Daymond Langkow, left wing Eric Nystrom and goaltender Curtis McElhinney.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Loui Eriksson to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Waived center Shawn Bates.

Jun 26, 2008
Dallas Stars: Extended qualifying offers to right wings B.J. Crombeen, Vojtech Polak, Konstantin Pushkarev, left wings Loui Eriksson and Francis Wathier and defenseman Vadim Khomitski.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing P.A. Parenteau to a contract extension.

Jun 25, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Brian Sutherby to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Paul Goodman strength and conditioning coach.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Siarhei Kolasau to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Kelly Buchberger assistant coach.
Florida Panthers: Extended qualifying offers to centers Drew Larman and Stefan Meyer, left wings Gregory Campbell and Rostislav Olesz, right wing Anthony Stewart and defensemen Jay Bouwmeester and Martin Lojek.
New York Islanders: Extended qualifying offers to centers Sean Bergenheim, Jeremy Colliton, Ben Walter, left wing Jeff Tambellini and defenseman Bruno Gervais.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing Brian McGrattan from the Ottawa Senators for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 146th overall, Senators selected Jeff Costello) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Jeremy Roenick and goaltender Brian Boucher to one-year contracts and center Joe Pavelski to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Bought out the contract of goaltender Marc Denis; announced the resignation of director of player personnel Bill Barber effective July 1; named Brian Lawton vice president of hockey operations.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed center Kyle Wellwood off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Jun 24, 2008
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Mark Stuart to a multi-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Tuomo Ruutu to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Jordan Hendry to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Tim Hambly to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Janne Niskala from the Nashville Predators for left wing Triston Grant and a seventh-round pick (later traded to St. Louis, 202nd overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Barry Melrose head coach.

Jun 23, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Andrew Ladd to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Shea Weber to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Dan Ellis to a two-year contract.

Jun 21, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired a seventh-round pick (208th overall, Ducks selected Nick Pryor) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a seventh-round pick (196th overall, Flyers selected Oliver Lauridsen) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Acquired a fourth-round pick (97th overall, Bruins selected Jamie Arniel) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for fourth- and fifth-round picks (107th and 137th overall, Blue Jackets selected Steven Delisle and Brent Regner) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 68th overall, Blackhawks selected Shawn Lalonde) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for third- and fourth-round picks (72nd and 102nd overall, Islanders selected Jyri Niemi and David Ullstrom) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas; 179th overall, Blackhawks selected Braden Birch) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a sixth-round pick (179th overall, Kings selected Brandon Kozun) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 46th overall, Panthers selected Colby Robak) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa via Phoenix; 49th overall, Coyotes selected Jared Staal) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (105th overall, Coyotes selected Justin Weller) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired right wing Brad Richardson from the Colorado Avalanche for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit; 61st overall, Avalanche selected Peter Delmas) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a third-round pick (74th overall, Kings selected Andrew Campbell) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for third- (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 81st overall, Sabres selected Corey Fienhage) and fourth-round (previously acquired from Vancouver; 101st overall, Sabres selected Justin Jokinen) picks in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft;
Nashville Predators: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 38th overall, Predators selected Roman Josi) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for second- (later traded to Florida; 46th overall) and third-round (76th overall, Phoenix selected Mathieu Brodeur) picks in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers via St. Louis; 111th overall, Rangers selected Dale Weise) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a seventh-round pick (201st overall, Predators selected Jani Lajunen) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (110th overall, Predators selected Nick Oliver) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Chris Kelly to a four-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired right wing Alex Bourret from the New York Rangers for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 90th overall, Rangers selected Tomas Kundratek) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis via Anaheim; 185th overall, Blues selected Paul Karpowich) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a seventh-round pick (198th overall, Kings selected Nic Dowd) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a third-round pick (62nd overall, Sharks selected Justin Daniels) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for fourth- and fifth-round picks (117th and 147th overall, Lightning selected James Wright and Kyle De Coste) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia, 87th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 92nd overall, Sharks selected Samuel Groulx) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Atlanta; 117th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft and a fifth-round pick (148th overall, Kings selected Kevin Gravel) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (106th overall, Sharks selected Harri Sateri) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a seventh-round pick (207th overall, Predators selected Anders Lindback) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 98th overall, Predators selected Craig Smith) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 20, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Named Dave Nonis senior advisor of hockey operations.
Atlanta Thrashers: Named John Anderson head coach.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton via Anaheim; 12th overall, Sabres selected Tyler Myers) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a first-round pick (13th overall, Kings selected Colten Teubert) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to Calgary; 74th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. 
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center R.J. Umberger and a fourth-round pick (118th overall, Blue Jackets selected Drew Olson) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for first- (previously acquired from Colorado; 18th overall, Flyers selected Luca Sbisa) and third-round picks (67th overall, Flyers selected Marc-Andre Bourdon) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Michael Cammalleri and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary; 48th overall, Flames selected Mitch Wahl) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a first-round pick (later traded to Anaheim; 17th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to Carolina; 51st overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton, later traded to Buffalo; 12th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for two first-round picks (17th and 28th overall, the former previously acquired from Calgary; 17th overall, Ducks selected Jake Gardiner, the latter previously acquired from Dallas, later traded to Phoenix) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 23rd overall, Wild selected Tyler Cuma) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for a first-round pick (24th overall, Devils selected Mattias Tedenby) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (73rd overall, Devils selected Alexander Urborn) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Alex Tanguay and a fifth-round pick (138th overall, Canadiens selected Maxim Trunev) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for a first-round pick (25th overall, Flames selected Greg Nemisz) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to Colorado; 49th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 7th overall, Predators selected Colin Wilson) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for first- and second-round picks (both previously acquired from Florida; 9th and 40th overall, Islanders selected Josh Bailey and Aaron Ness) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft
Ottawa Senators: Acquired a first-round pick (15th overall, Senators selected Erik Karlsson) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft for a first-round pick (18th overall, Predators selected Chet Pickard) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (70th overall, Predators selected Taylor Beck) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Steve Eminger and a third-round pick (84th overall, Flyers selected Jacob Deserres) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for a first-round pick (27th overall, Capitals selected John Carlson) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Olli Jokinen from the Florida Panthers for defensemen Keith Ballard and Nick Boynton and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa, later traded back to Phoenix; 49th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas via Los Angeles; 28th overall, Coyotes selected Viktor Tikhonov) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for second-round picks (one previously awarded for the loss of Blake Wheeler; 35th and 39th overall, Ducks selected Nicolas Deschamps and Eric O'Dell) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired goaltender Chris Mason from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers, later traded back to the New York Rangers; 111th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired a first-round pick (5th overall, Maple Leafs selected Luke Schenn) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for first- (later traded to Nashville; 7th overall) and third-round (later traded to Chicago; 68th overall) picks in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round (later traded to Anaheim via Columbus; 37th overall) pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a first-round pick (21st overall, Capitals selected Anton Gustafsson) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for first- (later traded to Minnesota; 23rd overall) and second-round (54th overall, Devils selected Patrice Cormier) picks in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 19, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired the rights to left wing Darcy Hordichuk and a fifth-round pick (later traded to Phoenix; 138th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 148th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed defenseman Tim Gleason to a four-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Announced an affiliation agreement with Rochester of the AHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Jamal Mayers from the St. Louis Blues for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 70th overall, Blues selected James Livingston) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Stan Smyl director of college scouting and Dave Gagner director of player development.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Oskar Osala to a three-year contract.

Jun 18, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Jason Karmanos executive director of hockey operations.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Matt Carkner to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired the rights to left wing Vaclav Prospal from the Philadelphia Flyers for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 196th overall, Flyers selected Joacim Eriksson) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (dependent on Prospal signing with the Lightning prior to the 2008-09 season; later traded back to Tampa Bay, 93rd overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 17, 2008
Vancouver Canucks: Named Ryan Walter assistant coach.

Jun 16, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed goaltender Johan Hedberg to a multi-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Ryan Suter to a four-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Al Coates director of player personnel.

Jun 14, 2008
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Ryan Potulny to a one-year contract.

Jun 13, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Trevor Gillies to a one-year contract; extended their lease agreement with the RBC Center through 2024.
Florida Panthers: Named Peter DeBoer head coach.
Ottawa Senators: Named Craig Hartsburg head coach.

June 12, 2008
San Jose Sharks: Named Todd McLellan head coach.

Jun 11, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Jonas Hiller and center Andrew Ebbett to two-year contract extensions.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Marty Sertich from the Dallas Stars for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed coach Mike Babcock to a three-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Erik Reitz to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced the retirement of center Trevor Linden.

Jun 10, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Announced an affiliation agreement with Portland of the AHL.
Los Angeles Kings: Fired head coach Marc Crawford.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Marc-Andre Bergeron from the Anaheim Ducks for a third-round pick (85th overall, Ducks selected Brandon McMillan) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Ron Wilson head coach.

Jun 9, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Tom Rowe assistant coach, Robert Kron European scout and Jeff Daniels head coach and general manager of Albany of the AHL.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Toby Petersen and defenseman Dan Jancevski to two-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of goaltender Dominik Hasek.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Maxim Lapierre to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Promoted Randy Lee to director of player development; named Adam Douglas conditioning coach.

Jun 6, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Daniel Manzato to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Danny Syvret from the Edmonton Oilers for center Ryan Potulny.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Tim Stapleton.

Jun 5, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of defenseman Glen Wesley and named him director of defenseman development.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Derek Peltier.

Jun 4, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Patrick Eaves to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman T.J. Fast from the Los Angeles Kings for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Florida; 138th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 3, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed a multi-year affiliation agreement with Iowa of the AHL.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Dennis Persson to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of right wing Sami Kapanen.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Fired head coach John Tortorella.

Jun 2, 2008
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Tim Jackman to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Tomas Zaborsky.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Peter Regin to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Alexandre Picard to a multi-year contract; signed defenseman Kevin Quick to a multi-year contract.

Jun 1, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Tim Kennedy to a two-year contract.

May 31, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Jhonas Enroth to a three-year contract.

May 30, 2008
Calgary Flames: Signed center Hugo Carpentier.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Josef Hrabal to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Anssi Salmela.

May 29, 2008
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Matt Marquardt.
St. Louis Blues: Extended the contract of general manager Larry Pleau through the 2009-10 season; named Doug Armstrong vice president of player personnel.

May 28, 2008
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Trevor Daley to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Michael Frolik.

May 27, 2008
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Jonathan Sigalet from the Boston Bruins for left wing Matt Marquardt.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Michael Caruso to an entry-level contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Matt Bradley to a three-year contract.

May 26, 2008
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Joel Gistedt.

May 24, 2008
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Dick Axelsson and defenseman Logan Pyett to three-year contracts.

May 22, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Arturs Kulda and center Rylan Kaip.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Harrison Reed to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Named Tony Granato head coach.
Dallas Stars: Signed co-general managers Brett Hull and Les Jackson to three-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Maxim Noreau to a multi-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defensemen Sheldon Brookbank and Mike Mottau.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed head coach Alain Vigneault to a contract extension through the 2009-10 season; fired assistant coaches Barry Smith and Mike Kelly.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Karl Alzner to a three-year contract; extended their affiliation agreement with Hershey of the AHL through the 2009-10 season with an option for 2010-11.

May 21, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed an affiliation agreement with Bakersfield of the ECHL.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Dustin Byfuglien, right wing Adam Burish and defenseman James Wisniewski.

May 20, 2008
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Aaron Ward to a multi-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Brady Calla.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Jonas Ahnelov.

May 17, 2008
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Keven Veilleux to a three-year contract.

May 16, 2008
Florida Panthers: Signed general manager Jacques Martin to a contract extension through the 2011-12 season.

May 15, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Brett Bellemore on a three-year contract.

May 14, 2008
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Bryan Pitton to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Scott Mellanby consultant to the general manager.

May 13, 2008
Boston Bruins: Re-signed left wing Chuck Kobasew.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center T.J. Galiardi.
St. Louis Blues: Signed centers T.J. Oshie and Lars Eller.

May 12, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Bryan Rodney to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Ville Leino to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Ryan White to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Martin Erat to a seven-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Fired head coach Ron Wilson.

May 9, 2008
Colorado Avalanche: Elected not to renew the contract of head coach Joel Quenneville.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Fabian Brunnstrom to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Darroll Powe and left wing Garrett Klotz.

May 8, 2008
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Keaton Ellerby.

May 7, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Felix Schutz.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Robin Figren to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Fired head coach Paul Maurice and assistant coach Randy Ladouceur.

May 6, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Nathan Gerbe.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Joel Rechlicz to a three-year contract.

May 5, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Antti Niemi.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Kamil Kreps and right wing Wade Belak to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Luke Beaverson.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Laurence Gilman director of hockey administration.

May 4, 2008
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Dale Mitchell to three-year contract.

May 2, 2008
Calgary Flames: Signed center Mikael Backlund, their first-round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Apr 30, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Matt Beleskey, right wing Jason Bailey and defenseman John de Gray to three-year contracts.

Apr 29, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Ryan Carter to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Jan Hejda to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Steve Ott to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Alec Martinez to a three-year contract.

Apr 28, 2008
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Brett MacLean.

Apr 24, 2008
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Bud Holloway to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Miika Wiikman.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Paul Szczechura to a two-year contract.

Apr 23, 2008
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Kevin Regan and center Levi Nelson.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Luca Caputi to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Mike Gillis general manager.

Apr 22, 2008
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Oscar Moller on a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed head coach Barry Trotz and assistant coaches Brent Peterson and Peter Horachek, goaltending coach Mitch Korn and video coach Robert Bouchard to contract extensions.
New York Islanders: Signed center Tomas Marcinko to a three-year contract.

Apr 17, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Mike Brennan and right wing Dan Bertram

Apr 16, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Sergei Samsonov to a three-year contract; signed center Stefan Chaput and right wing Nick Dodge.

Apr 15, 2008
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Jamie Tardif to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Francois Bouchard to a three-year contract.

Apr 14, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Chris Butler to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Denis Grebeshkov to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Mark Dekanich and left wing Mark Santorelli.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Kevin Porter.
Vancouver Canucks: Fired senior vice president and general manager Dave Nonis.

Apr 12, 2008
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Robert Nilsson to a three-year contract.

Apr 11, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Nathan Davis.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Tom Gilbert to a six-year contract.

Apr 10, 2008
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Jeff Zatkoff on a three-year contract.

Apr 9, 2008
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Craig Switzer.
New York Islanders: Signed center Rob Hennigar to a two-year contract.

Apr 8, 2008
San Jose Sharks: Signed defensemen Mike Moore and David MacDonald, center Steve Zalewski and left wing Frazer McLaren.

Apr 7, 2008
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Grant Clitsome to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Nicklas Grossman to a two-year contract.

Apr 4, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Joe Fallon.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Justin Abdelkader to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Michael Ratchuk and right wing Andreas Nodl.

Apr 3, 2008
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Stefano Giliati to a three-year contract.

Apr 2, 2008
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Jason Garrison.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Ryan Jones.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Ryan Hillier.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Nick Ross.

Apr 1, 2008
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Bryan Lerg to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Davis Drewiske to a multi-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Jack Hillen to a two-year contract.

Mar 31, 2008
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Andrew Sweetland.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Kyle Turris.

Mar 30, 2008
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Jon Kalinski.

Mar 29, 2008
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Jeff Penner.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Kyle Rogers to a two-year contract.

Mar 28, 2008
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Nick Holden to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Raymond Sawada to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Colton Gillies to a multi-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Matt Jones.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Mathieu Perreault to a three-year contract.

Mar 27, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed right wing Spencer Machacek.

Mar 26, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Derek Whitmore to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Brandon Sutter to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Jay Beagle to a two-year contract.

Mar 25, 2008
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Mike Kostka.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Nick Johnson to a two-year contract.

Mar 21, 2008
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Cody Wild to a three-year contract and center Tim Sestito to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 19, 2008
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wings Rob Bellamy and Matt Clackson and goaltender Michael-Lee Teslak.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Julian Talbot.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender James Reimer to a three-year contract.

Mar 18, 2008
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Jeff LoVecchio.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing James Wyman to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Tyler Eckford.

Mar 12, 2008
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Sergei Korostin to a three-year contract and goaltender Tobias Stephan and left wing Chris Conner to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Justin Soryal.

Mar 11, 2008
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Daniel Cleary to a five-year contract.

Mar 10, 2008
Colorado Avalanche: Waived defenseman Jeff Jillson.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Jesse Joensuu to a three-year contract.

Mar 7, 2008
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Andrew Murray to a three-year contract.

Mar 5, 2008
Florida Panthers: Suspended left wing Chad Kilger indefinitely.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Jeremy Smith.

Mar 4, 2008
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Sean Burke director of prospect development.

Mar 1, 2008
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Ben Maxwell to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Brad Boyes to a contract extension.

Feb 28, 2008
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Nate DiCasmirro from the Phoenix Coyotes for right wing Steve Goertzen.

Feb 27, 2008
Ottawa Senators: Fired head coach John Paddock and assistant coach Ron Low; named Bryan Murray head coach.

Feb 26, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired goaltender Jean-Sebastien Aubin from the Los Angeles Kings for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis, later traded back to St. Louis; 185th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Marc-Andre Bergeron from the New York Islanders for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 73rd overall, Islanders selected Kirill Petrov) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired right wing Joe Motzko from the Washington Capitals for left wing Alexandre Giroux.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Tuomo Ruutu from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Andrew Ladd.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Adam Foote from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a conditional first-round pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft (dependent on Colorado reaching the NHL playoffs; later traded to Philadelphia; 19th overall) and a conditional fourth-round (dependent on Foote re-signing with the Avalanche prior to the 2008-09 season; 94th overall, Blue Jackets selected David Savard) pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Brad Richards and goaltender Johan Holmqvist from the Tampa Bay Lightning for goaltender Mike Smith, left wing Jussi Jokinen, center Jeff Halpern and a fourth-round pick (later traded Edmonton via Minnesota; 99th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Brad Stuart from the Los Angeles Kings for a second-round pick (later traded to Colorado; 61st overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Atlanta; 120th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Chad Kilger and defenseman Wade Belak from the Toronto Maple Leafs for third- (later traded to St. Louis; 70th overall) and fifth-round (130th overall, Maple Leafs selected Jerome Flaake) picks in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Karlis Skrastins and a third-round pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Ruslan Salei.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Chris Simon from the New York Islanders for a sixth-round pick (175th overall, Islanders selected Justin DiBenedetto) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Jan Hlavac from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia; 196th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Brandon Bochenski from the Anaheim Ducks for future considerations.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Bryce Salvador from the St. Louis Blues for right wing Can Janssen.
New York Islanders: Signed center Mike Comrie to a one-year contract extension; acquired defenseman Rob Davison from the San Jose Sharks for a seventh-round pick (186th overall, Sharks selected Jason Demers) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired goaltender David LeNeveu, left wing Josh Gratton, right wing Fredrik Sjostrom and a conditional fifth-round pick (dependent the Rangers not re-signing LeNeveu after the 2007-08 season; 127th overall, Rangers selected Roman Horak) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for goaltender Al Montoya and left wing Marcel Hossa; acquired defenseman Christian Backman from the St. Louis Blues for a fourth-round pick (later traded back to the New York Rangers via Nashville; 111th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Martin Lapointe from the Chicago Blackhawks for a sixth-round pick (169th overall, Blackhawks selected Ben Smith) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Marian Hossa and left wing Pascal Dupuis from the Atlanta Thrashers for centers Erik Christensen and Angelo Esposito, right wing Colby Armstrong and a first-round pick (29th overall, Thrashers selected Daultan Leveille) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Hal Gill from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a second-round pick (60th overall, Maple Leafs selected Jimmy Hayes) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a fifth-round pick (later traded back to Pttsburgh via New York Rangers; 151st overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Brian Campbell and a seventh-round pick (194th overall, Sharks selected Drew Daniels) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for right wing Steve Bernier and a first-round pick (26th overall, Sabres selected Tyler Ennis) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; signed goaltender Brian Boucher to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired right wing Brandon Segal and a seventh-round pick (203rd overall, Lightning selected David Carle) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Jay Leach.
Washington Capitals: Acquired goaltender Cristobal Huet from the Montreal Canadiens for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim, later traded to Atlanta; 45th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Sergei Fedorov from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Ted Ruth; acquired left wing Matt Cooke from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Matt Pettinger.

Feb 25, 2008
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Peter Forberg for the remainder of the season.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Darren McCarty to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Vaclav Prospal from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Alexandre Picard and a conditional second-round pick (dependent on Philadelphia reaching the Eastern Conference Finals 2008; 52nd overall, Lightning selected Richard Panik) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Barret Jackman to a four-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Dan Boyle to a six-year contract extension.

Feb 23, 2008
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Nick Schultz to a six-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Alex Steen to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 22, 2008
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Trent Hunter to a five-year contract extension through the 2012-13 season.
Philadelphia Flyers: Claimed left wing Patrick Thoresen off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.

Feb 21, 2008
Edmonton Oilers: Waived left wing Patrick Thoresen.
Los Angeles Kings: Claimed left wing Matt Ellis off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.

Feb 20, 2008
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Jim Vandermeer from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick (81st overall, Flyers selected Adam Morrison) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 19, 2008
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Andrew Bodnarchuk.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Jaroslav Modry from the Los Angeles Kings for a third-round pick (88th overall, Kings selected Geordie Wudrick) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 18, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Brent Seabrook to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 17, 2008
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Fedor Tyutin to a contract extension.

Feb 16, 2008
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Dan Girardi to a contract extension

Feb 14, 2008
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Henrik Lundqvist to a contract extension.

Feb 13, 2008
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Tomas Fleischmann to a two-year contract.

Feb 11, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Joe Corvo and right wing Patrick Eaves from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Mike Commodore and left wing Cory Stillman.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Krys Barch to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Deryk Engelland to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 8, 2008
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Brett Engelhardt from the Detroit Red Wings for center Francis Lemieux.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Pete Vandermeer.

Feb 7, 2008
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Brock Trotter to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed president Roy Mlakar to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman J.D. Forrest from the Carolina Hurricanes for future considerations.

Feb 6, 2008
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Dion Phaneuf to a six-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Tony Esposito team ambassador.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Jason Chimera to a four-year contract extension through the 2011-12 season.

Feb 1, 2008
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Dick Tarnstrom from the Edmonton Oilers for left wing Curtis Glencross.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing J.P. Dumont to a four-year contract.

Jan 31, 2008
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Jordin Tootoo to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing David Gove from the Carolina Hurricanes for center Joe Jensen.

Jan 29, 2008
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Raitis Ivanans to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Jody Shelley from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Chicago via Atlanta; 177th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 28, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Teemu Selanne to a one-year contract.

Jan 26, 2008
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed center Kris Beech off waivers from the Washington Capitals.

Jan 24, 2008
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Donald Brashear to a one-year contract.

Jan 22, 2008
Toronto Maple Leafs: Fired general manager John Ferguson; named Cliff Fletcher interim general manager.

Jan 18, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed assistant coach Mark Hardy to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 17, 2008
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Curtis Joseph to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Craig Adams from the Carolina Hurricanes for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft; signed right wing Patrick Sharp to four-year contract extension.

Jan 15, 2008
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired right wing Junior Lessard from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Dan Jancevski.

Jan 11, 2008
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed center Dominic Moore off waivers from the Minnesota Wild.

Jan 10, 2008
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Brent Sopel to a three-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Magnus Johansson from the Chicago Blackhawks for a seventh-round pick (195th overall, Blackhawks selected Paul Phillips) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed center Kris Beech off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Alex Ovechkin to a 13-year contract.

Jan 9, 2008
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Darryl Bootland from the New York Islanders for right wing Matt Keith.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Chris Osgood to a three-year contract extension.

Jan 8, 2008
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed left wing Sergei Samsonov off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.

Jan 7, 2008
Dallas Stars: Signed center Mike Ribeiro to a five-year contract extension through the 2012-13 season.

Jan 2, 2008
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Shane Hnidy and a sixth-round pick (173rd overall, Bruins selected Nicholas Tremblay) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for right wing Brandon Bochenski.

Jan 1, 2008
Atlanta Thrashers: Promoted Brad McCrimmon to associate coach.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Darryl Boyce.
