Aug 20, 2024
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Paul Fischer and a third-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft from the St. Louis Blues for future considerations; acquired second- (previously re-acquired from Pittsburgh) and third-round picks in the 2025 NHL Draft from the St. Louis Blues as compensation for not matching contract offer sheets to defenseman Philip Broberg and left wing Dylan Holloway. 
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Philip Broberg and left wing Dylan Holloway to two-year contracts.
Seattle Kraken: Re-signed center Matty Beniers to a seven-year contract.

Aug 19, 2024
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Jordan Harris from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Patrik Laine and a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Aug 18, 2024
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Cole Sillinger to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Ty Emberson from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Cody Ceci and a third-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Vasily Podkolzin from the Vancouver Canucks for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa) in the 2025 NHL Draft.

Aug 13, 2024
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Magnus Hellberg to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Jordan Frasca from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Cody Glass, a third-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota) in the 2025 NHL Draft and a sixth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louus) in the 2025 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa) in the 2025 NHL Draft; filed two-year contract offer sheets for left wing Dylan Holloway and defenseman Philip Broberg of the Edmonton Oilers.

Aug 12, 2024
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Yan Kuznetsov to a one-year contract.

Aug 9, 2024
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Colton Poolman to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Matthew Phillips to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Nolan Foote to a one-year contract.

Aug 6, 2024
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Oliver Kylington to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Carter Yaremchuk to a three-year contract.

Aug 5, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Marek Vanacker to a three-year contract.

Jul 31, 2024
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jordan Spence to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Kaiden Guhle to a six-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Igor Chernyshov to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Ben Danford to a three-year contract.

Jul 30, 2024
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender Dustin Wolff to a two-year contract.
Florian Panthers: Announced the retirement of center Eric Staal.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defensemen Arber Xhekaj and Justin Barron to two-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed goaltender Nico Daws to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Ryan Lindgren to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Sergey Murashov to a three-year contract.

Jul 29, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Martin Necas to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defensemen Isaak Phillips and Louis Crevier to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Brock Faber to an eight-year contract extension.

Jul 28, 2024
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Kirill Marchenko to a three-year contract.

Jul 27, 2024
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Kent Johnson to a three-year contract.

Jul 26, 2024
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Simon Lundmark to a two-year contract.

Jul 25, 2024
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Dennis Cholowski and right wing Oliver Wahlstrom to one-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Travis Konecny to an eight-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Brayden Yager to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Thomas Bordeleau to a one-year contract.

Jul 24, 2024
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed goaltender Ukko-Pekka Luukonen to a five-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Spencer Stastney to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Henry Thrun to a two-year contract.

Jul 23, 2024
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Beck Malenstyn to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Connor Dewar to a one-year contract.

Jul 22, 2024
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Santeri Hatakka to a one-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed center Cole Beaudoin to a three-year contract.

Jul 20, 2024
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Daniel Sprong to a one-year contract.

Jul 19, 2024
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Joe Veleno to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Liam Greentree to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Cam Squires to a three-year contract.

Jul 18, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Evgeny Kuznetsov.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Adam Wilsby to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Harrison Brunicke to a three-year contract.

Jul 17, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jack Drury to a two-year contract.

Jul 16, 2024
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Kevin Mandolese to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of center Joe Pavelski.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Simon Holmström to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Arturs Silovs to a two-year contract.

Jul 15, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Jackson Lacombe to a two-year contract; re-signed center Nikita Nesterenko to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Kevin Mandolese and a seventh-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for a sixth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Emil Hemming to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Roby Järventie and a fourth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for centers Xavier Bourgault and Jake Chiasson.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Quinton Byfield to a five-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Announced the retirement of left wing Brett Sutter.
New Jerse Devils: Re-signed left wing Adam Beckman to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Jesse Pulkkinen to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Matthew Robertson to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Mads Søgaard to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Brandon Coe to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Ville Heinola to a two-year contract.

Jul 14, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Dominik Badinka to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Joakim Ryan to a one-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed goaltender Kim Saarinen to a three-year contract.

Jul 13, 2024
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Braden Schneider to a two-year contract.

Jul 12, 2024
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defensemen Alec Regula and Michael Callahan to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed goaltender Jet Greaves to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Chad Ruhwedel to a one-year contract.

Jul 11, 2024
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Michael Brandsegg-Nygård to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Samuel Walker to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Ty Emberson to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman J.J. Moser to a two-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed left wing Tij Iginla to a three-year contract.

Jul 10, 2024
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Jake Christiansen to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Liam Foudy to a one-year contract; re-signed center Tyce Thompson to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Tanner Howe to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Ryan Suter to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Sam Dickinson to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Leon Muggli to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Dylan Coghlan to a one-year contract.

Jul 9, 2024
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Adam Boqvist to a one-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed defenseman Artem Duda to a three-year contract; re-signed left wing Egor Sokolov to a one-year contract.

Jul 8, 2024
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Konsta Helenius to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Calum Ritchie to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Raphael Lavoie to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Adam Raska to a one-year contract; announced the retirement of center Steven Fogarty.
Utah Hockey Club: Re-signed center Barrett Hayton to a two-year contract.

Jul 7, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Josiah Slavin to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Zachary Sawchenko to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Yegor Zamula to a two-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Re-signed center Curtis Douglas to a two-year contract.

Jul 6, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Stian Solberg to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Artyom Levshunov to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Jason Polin to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Declan Chisholm to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Jett Luchanko to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Macklin Celebrini to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Terik Parascak, left wing Ilya Protas and defenseman Cam Allen to three-year contracts.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Logan Stanley and center David Gustafsson to two-year contracts; acquired defenseman Dylan Coghlan from the Carolina Hurricanes for future considerations.

Jul 5, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Beckett Sennecke to a three-year contract; re-signed left wing Pavol Regenda to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Henri Jokiharju to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defensemen Zayne Parekh and Etienne Morin and right wing Matvei Gridin to three-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jack Roslovic to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Tony Dello to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Matthew Savoie from the Buffalo Sabres for center Ryan McLeod and right wing Tyler Tullio.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Jaycob Megna to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Caleb Jones to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Jan Jenik to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Corey Andonovski to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Carl Grundström and right wing Ty Dellandrea to two-year contracts.
Seattle Kraken: Re-signed right wing Eeli Tolvanen and center Mitchell Stephens to two-year contracts; signed center Berkly Catton to a three-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed goaltender	Jaxson Stauber to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Alex Limoges to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Haydn Fleury to a one-year contract.

Jul 3, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Carson Meyer to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Justin Kirkland to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Riley Stillman to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Vladimir Tarasenko, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; acquired goaltender Gage Alexander from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing Robby Fabbri and a conditional fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Anton Lundell to a six-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Kieffer Bellows to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Jan Jenik form the Utah Hockey Club for left wing Egor Sokolov; signed defenseman Matthew Andonovski to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Bobby Brink to a two-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed right wing Milos Kelemen to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Hardy Häman Aktell and right wing Riley Sutter to one-year contracts.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Mason Shaw to a one-year contract.

Jul 2, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Brian Dumoulin from the Seattle Kraken for a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft; signed left wing Jansen Harkins, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender James Reimer, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Colton Poolman to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Jonathan Aspirot to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Erik Brännström and Wyatt Aamodt to one-year contracts; signed left wing Chase Bradley to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Dylan Gambrell and defenseman Jack Johnson to one-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Colin Blackwell to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Tyler Motte to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Mackenzie Entwistle and defenseman Nate Schmidt to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Tomas Tatar to a one-year contract. 
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Casey Fitzgerald to a two-year contract; signed center Benoit-Olivier Groulx to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Adam Gaudette, right wing Hayden Hodgson and defenseman Filip Roos to one-year contracts; re-signed center Shane Pinto to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Anthony Richard, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Sebastian Aho, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Radek Faksa from the Dallas Stars for future considerations; acquired right wing Mathieu Joseph and a third-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for future considerations; signed left wing Pavel Buchnevich to a six-year contract extension; signed defensemen Pierre-Olivier Joseph and Corey Schueneman to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Adam Jiricek to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Victor Hedman to a four-year contract extension; signed defenseman Emil Martinsen Lilleberg to a two-year contract extension; signed right wing Cam Atkinson to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Cédric Paré, and defensemen Philippe Myers and Dakota Mermis to one-year contracts. 
Utah Hockey Club: Signed center Andrew Agozzino to a two-year contract; signed left wing Travis Barron to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Victor Olofsson to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Luke Philp and right wing Spencer Smallman to one-year contracts.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Jaret Anderson-Dolan to a two-year contract.

Jul 1, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Brett Leason and defenseman Urho Vaakanainen to one-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Nikita Zadorov, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a six-year contract; signed center Elias Lindholm, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a seven-year contract; signed left wing Max Jones, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jordan Oesterle, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Jeffrey Viel and defenseman Billy Sweezey to two-year contracts; signed left wings Cole Koepke and Riley Tufte to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Sam Lafferty, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed center Joshua Dunne to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Brett Murray and defenseman Jacob Bryson to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Felix Sandström, defensemen Jack Rathbone and Dennis Gilbert, centers Mason Jobst and Joshua Dunne, right wing Nicolas Aubé-Kubel, and left wing Jason Zucker to one-year contracts.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed right wing Yegor Sharangovich to a five-year contract; signed defenseman Jake Bean, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Ryan Lomberg, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Devin Cooley to a two-year contract; signed left wing Anthony Mantha, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Martin Frk to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Jaccob Slavin to an eight-year contract extension; re-signed left wing Jordan Martinook to a three-year contract; signed left wing William Carrier, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a six-year contract; signed defenseman Shayne Gostisbehere, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Sean Walker, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a five-year contract; signed center Tyson Jost and left wing Eric Robinson to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Tyler Bertuzzi, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a four-year contract; signed left wing Teuvo Teräväinen, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Laurent Brossoit, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman T.J. Brodie, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Joey Anderson to a two-year contract; signed left wing Patrick Maroon, right wing Craig Smith, and defenseman Alec Martinez to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Parker Kelly, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Calvin de Haan to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Joel Kiviranta and left wing Jonathan Drouin to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Sean Monahan, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a five-year contract; signed center Owen Sillinger to a one-year contract; bought out the contract of defenseman Adam Boqvist; signed defenseman Cole Clayton to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Casey DeSmith, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Dumba, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Ilya Lyubushkin, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Nils Lundkvist and center Matt Duchene to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Brendan Smith to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Kyle Capobianco to a two-year contract; signed right wing Kole Lind and center Cameron Hughes to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Erik Gustafsson, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract; signed center Sheldon Dries to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Christian Fisccher to a one-year contract; signed goaltenders Jack Campbell and Cam Talbot, left wing Joe Snively, and defenseman William Lagesson to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Joshua Brown, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a three-year contract; signed right wing Viktor Arvidsson, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing James Hamblin, defenseman Troy Stecher and center Adam Henrique to two-year contracts; re-signed right wings Corey Perry and Connor Brown to one-year contracts; signed defensemen Noel Hoefenmayer and Connor Carrick, goaltender Collin Delia, left wing Jeff Skinner and center Noah Philp to one-year contracts; bought out the contract of goaltender Jack Campbell.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Dmitry Kulikov to a four-year contract; signed right wing A.J. Greer, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract; signed center Jesper Boqvist and left wings Rasmus Asplund and Tomas Nosek to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Joel Edmundson, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a four-year contract; signed left wing Warren Foegele, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a three-year contract; re-signed goaltender Pheonix Copley and right wing Trevor Lewis to one-year contracts; signed center Glenn Gawdin and left wing Jeff Malott to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Reilly Walsh, right wing Jack Studnicka, and center Tyler Madden to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Yakov Trenin, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a four-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jake Middleton to a four-year contract; signed center Benjamin Jones and left wing Brendan Gaunce to two-year contracts; signed center Travis Boyd, defensemen Cameron Crotty and Joseph Cecconi, right wing Reese Johnson, goaltender Troy Grosenick, and left wing Devin Shore to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Juraj Slafkovsky to an eight-year contract extension; signed right wing Alex Barré-Boulet to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Juuse Saros to an eight-year contract extension; signed goaltender Scott Wedgewood, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Steven Stamkos, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a four-year contract; signed right wing Jonathan Marchessault, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a five-year contract; signed defenseman Brady Skjei, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a seven-year contract; re-signed defenseman Alexandre Carrier to a three-year contract; signed right wings Vinnie Hinostroza and Jacob Lucchini, defenseman Nick Blankenburg, and goaltender Matt Murray to two-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Brett Pesce, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a six-year contract; signed defenseman Brenden Dillon, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a three-year contract; signed left wing Stefan Noesen, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Colton White and left wing Mike Hardman to two-year contracts.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Anthony Duclair, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a four-year contract; re-signed defenseman Mike Reilly to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Reilly Smith (25% salary retained) from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a conditional fifth-round pick (Pittsburgh will receive the lower of the two 5th round picks owned by the Rangers) in the 2025 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft; signed center Sam Carrick, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Michael Amadio, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a three-year contract; signed right wing David Perron, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract; signed center Garrett Pilon to a two-year contract; signed left wing Noah Gregor and defenseman Jeremy Davies to one-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Matvei Michkov to a three-year contract; re-signed right wing Garnet Hathaway to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Erik Johnson to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Blake Lizotte, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Matt Grzelczyk, Nathan Clurman and Mac Hollowell, left wing Bokondji Imama, center Jimmy Huntington and right wing Anthony Beauvillier to one-year contracts; re-signed defenseman Ryan Shea and right wing Emil Bemström to one-year contracts; 
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Tyler Toffoli, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a four-year contract; signed center Alexander Wennberg, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Lucas Carlsson to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jimmy Schuldt to a one-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Brandon Montour, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a seven-year contract; signed center Chandler Stephenson, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a seven-year contract extension; signed center Mitchell Stephens to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Maxime Lajoie and Nikolas Brouillard, and left wings Brandon Biro and Benjamin Meyers to one-year contracts. 
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Kasperi Kapanen to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Zemgus Girgensons, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a three-year contract; signed right wing Jesse Ylönen and defensemen Derrick Pouliot and Steven Santini to one-year contracts. 
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Chris Tanev to a six-year contract; signed defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a four-year contract; signed defenseman Jani Hakanpää, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Anthony Stolarz, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Joseph Woll to a three-year contract extension; re-signed goaltender Matt Murray to a one-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed right wing Miko Matikka to a three-year contract; signed center Kevin Stenlund, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Kevin Connauton to a two-year contract, signed defenseman Ian Cole to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Jake DeBrusk, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a seven-year contract; signed defenseman Vincent Desharnais, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Danton Heinen, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed center Nathan Smith, goaltender Jiri Patera, and defenseman Derek Forbort to one-year contracts; signed left wing Kiefer Sherwood, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Tanner Laczynski to a two-year contract; signed left wing Zach Aston-Reese and goaltender Ilya Samsonov to one-year contracts; re-signed left wing Pavel Dorofeyev and defenseman Kaedan Korczak to two-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Jakob Chychrun from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Nick Jensen and a third-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Matt Roy, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a seven-year contract; re-signed left wing Connor McMichael to a two-year contract; signed right wing Brandon Duhaime, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Chase Priskie, goaltender Mitchell Gibson, and right wing Taylor Raddysh to one-year contracts.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Eric Comrie, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Colin Miller to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Kaapo Kähkönen to a one-year contract; bought out the contract of defenseman Nate Schmidt.

Jun 30, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Isac Lundeström to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Sam Steel to a one-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Patrick Kane to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Sam Reinhart to an eight-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Jonathan Kovacevic from the Montreal Canadiens for a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Bennett MacArthur from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Lukas Svejkovsky.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Hunter Skinner to a one-year contract extension. 
San Jose Sharks: Signed rigt wings Luke Kunin amd Justin Bailey to one-year contract extensions; bought out the contract of defenseman Nikolai Knyzhov.
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Max McCormick to a to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Ales Stezka and centers Luke Henman and John Hayden to one-year contract extensions.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Jake Guentzel from the Carolina Hurricanes for a third-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed left wing Jake Guentzel to a seven-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Timothy Liljegren to a two-year contract extension; signed center Max Domi to a four-year contract extension.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed defenseman Sean Durzi to a four-year contract extension; signed defenseman Juuso Välimäki to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jett Woo to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Ethen Frank to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 29, 2024
Boston Bruins: Acquired center Vinni Lettieri and a fourth-round pick (110th overall, Bruins selected Elliott Groenewold) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Minnesota Wild for left wing Jakub Lauko and a fourth-round pick (122nd overall, Wild selected Aron Kiviharju) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Beck Malenstyn from the Washington Capitals for a second-round pick (43rd overall, Capitals selected Cole Hutson) in the 2024 NHL Draft; acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Utah; 71st overall, Sabres selected Brodie Ziemer) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for third- and fifth-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Florida; 76th and 161st overall, Avalanche selected William Zellers and Maximilian Curran) in the 2024 NHL Draft; bought out the contract of left wing Jeff Skinner.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired a third-round pick (92nd overall, Blackhawks selected Jack Pridham) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for a third-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a second-round pick (60th overall, Blue Jackets selected Evan Gardner) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for third- and fifth-round pickasdss (69th and 133rd overall, Hurricanes selected Noel Fransen and Oskar Vuollet) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Boston via Anaheim; 58th overall, Panthers selected Linus Eriksson) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick (225th overall, Maple Leafs selected Nathan Mayes) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired right wing Tanner Jeannot from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a fourth-round pick (118th overall, Lightning selected Jan Golicic) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired a sixth-round pick (164th overall. Kings selected Jared Woolley) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for sixth- and seventh-round picks (182nd and 214th overall, Ducks selected Austin Burnevik and Darels Uljanskis) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired a fourth-round pick (119th overall, Rangers selected Raoul Boilard) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick (127th overall, Predators selected Viktor Nörringer) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey via Vancouver; 107th overall, Flyers selected Heikki Ruohonen) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Calgary Flames for fifth- and sixth-round picks (previously acquired from Los Angeles and St. Louis; 150th and 177th overall, Flames selected Luke Misa and Eric Jamieson) in the 2024 NHL Draft; acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg; 59th overall, Flyers selected Spencer Gill) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for third-round picks in the 2024 (77th overall, Predators selected Viggo Gustafsson) and 2025 (previously acquired from Minnesota) NHL Drafts; bought out the contract of right wing Cam Atkinson.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center Kevin Hayes and a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft from the St. Louis Blues for future considerations.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 82nd overall, Sharks selected Carson Wetsch) from the New Jersey Devils for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 85th overall, Devils selected Kasper Pikkarainen) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a sixth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Seattle Kraken: Acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 141st overall, Kraken selected Clarke Caswell) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Florida Panthers for sixth- and seventh-round picks (169th and 201st overall; Panthers selected Stepan Gorbunov and Denis Gabdrakhmanov) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Chris Tanev from the Dallas Stars for right wing Max Ellis and a seventh-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Utah Hockey Club: Acquired defenseman Mikhail Sergachev from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman J.J. Moser, center Conor Geekie, a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick (199th overall, Lightning selected Noah Steen) in the 2024 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman John Marino and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 153rd overall, Utah selected Ales Cech) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Washington via Ottawa and Arizona; 49th overall, Devils selected Mikhail Yegorov) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired goaltender Akira Schmid and right wing Alexander Holtz from the New Jersey Devils for left wing Paul Cotter and a third-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired goaltender Logan Thompson from the Vegas Golden Knights for a third-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders via Toronto; 83rd overall, Golden Knights selected Pavel Moysecvich) and a third-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (212th overall, Capitals selected Miroslav Satan) from the Vegas Golden Knights for a sixth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired a third-round pick (75th overall, Capitals selected Ilya Protas) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils for third- and fifth-round picks (the former later traded to San Jose; 146th overall, Devils selected Veeti Louhivaara) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 109th overall, Jets selected Kevin He) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for fourth- and seventh-round picks (123rd and 219th overall, Sabres selected Simon-Pier Brunet and Ryerson Leenders) in the 2024 NHL Draft.

Jun 28, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired a first-round pick (23rd overall, Ducks selected Stian Solberg) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for first- and second-round picks (the first one previously acquired from Edmonton, the latter previously acquired from Boston and later traded to Florida; 31st overall, Maple Leafs selected Ben Danford) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Kale Clague to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired a first-round pick (27th overall, Blackhawks selected Marek Vanacker) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for two second-round picks (one previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 34th and 50th overall, Hurricanes selected Dominik Badinka and Nikita Artamonov) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Alex Petrovic to a two-year contract extension; bought out the contract of defenseman Ryan Suter.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired a first-round pick (32nd overall, Oilers selected Sam O'Reilly) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a conditional first-round pick in the 2025 or 2026 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Cam Dineen to a two-year contract extension; signed goaltender Calvin Pickard to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Patrick Giles to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Matt Kiersted to a one-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired a first-round pick (12th overall, Wild selected Zeev Buium) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a first-round pick (13th overall, Flyers selected Jett Luchanko) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a first-round pick (21st overall, Canadiens selected Michael Hage) in the 2024 NHL Draft for first-, second-, and seventh-round picks (the first ones previously acquired from Winnipeg and Colorado; 26th, 57th, and 198th overall, Kings selected Liam Greentree, Carter George, and James Reeder) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired left wing Alexandre Texier from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fourth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed left wing Alexandre Texier to a two-year contract extension.
Utah Hockey Club: Acquired a first-round pick (24th overall, Utah selected Cole Beaudoin) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for second- and third-round picks (the latter later traded to Buffalo; 38th overall, Avalanche selected Ilya Nabokov) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers) in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Michael Kesselring to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 27, 2024
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Matthew Highmore to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Carl Grundström from the Los Angeles Kings for defenseman Kyle Burroughs; acquired a first-round pick (11th overall, Sharks selected Sam Dickinson) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for first- and second-round picks (previously acquired from Pittsburgh and New Jersey; 14th and 42nd overall, Sabres selected Konsta Helenius and Adam Kleber) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Tyler Myers to a three-year contract extension; signed left wing Dakota Joshua to a four-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Andrew Mangiapane from the Calgary Flames for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado) in the 2025 NHL Draft.

Jun 26, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Sam Lafferty, left wing Ilya Mikheyev (15% salary retained) and a second-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for a fourth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed left wing Liam O'Brien to a three-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Teddy Blueger to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 25, 2024
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Casey Mittelstadt to a three-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Oscar Bäck to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Andrew Gibson from the Detroit Red Wings for right wing Jesse Kiiskinen and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay, later traded to San Jose) in the 2024 NHL Draft. 
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Wyatt Bongiovanni to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Jake Walman and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay via Nashville; 53rd overall, Sharks selected Leo Sahlin Wallenius) in the 2024 NHL Draft for future considerations.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed defenseman Vladislav Kolyachonok to a two-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Dylan DeMelo to a four-year contract extension.

Jun 24, 2024
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Brandon Bussi to a one-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Samuel Fagemo to a one-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Nick DeSimone to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired goaltender Linus Ullmark from the Boston Bruins for goaltender Joonas Korpisalo, defenseman Mark Kastelic and a first-round pick (previously acquired from Boston via Detroit; 25th overall, Bruins selected Dean Letourneau) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed left wing Ben McCartney to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 23, 2024
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Ian Mitchell to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Ozzy Wiesblatt from the San Jose Sharks for center Egor Afanasyev.
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of center Derick Brassard.

Jun 22, 2024
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Alex Turcotte to a three-year contract extension.

Jun 21, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Ty Smith to a one-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of left wing Andrew Cogliano.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Yegor Chinakhov to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Matej Blümel to a one-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Adam Beckman from the Minnesota Wild for right wing Graeme Clarke.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Jamieson Rees to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Gage Goncalves to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 20, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Cole Guttman to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Mathias Emilio Pettersen to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Nikolas Matinpalo to a one-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Alex Nedeljkovic to a two-year contract extension.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed defenseman Patrik Koch to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Cole McWard and right wing Linus Karlsson to one-year contract extensions.

Jun 19, 2024
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Albert Johansson to a one-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired goaltender Jacob Markstrom (31.3% salary retained) from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Kevin Bahl and a conditional first-round pick in the 2025 or 2026 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Kyle MacLean to a three-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired right wing Ty Dellandrea from the Dallas Stars for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg) in the 2025 NHL Draft; claimed left wing Barclay Goodrow off waivers from the New York Rangers.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed goaltender Matt Villalta to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Mark Friedman to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Pierre-Luc Dubois from the Los Angeles Kings for goaltender Darcy Kuemper.

Jun 18, 2024
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Maxence Guenette to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Scott Perunovich to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Filip Hronek to an eight-year contract extension.  

Jun 17, 2024
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Adam Ginning to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Gabriel Fortier to a one-year contract extension; announced the retirement of goaltender Brian Elliott.

Jun 15, 2024
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Oliver Kapanen to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Rodrigo Abols to a one-year contract.

Jun 14, 2024
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Cole Reinhardt to a one-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Oscar Fisker Mølgaard to a three-year contract.

Jun 13, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Jalen Chatfield to a three-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Jere Innala to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Kaapo Kakko to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 12, 2024
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Angus Crookshank to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Nathan Todd.

Jun 11, 2024
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Colten Ellis to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 9, 2024
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Mathias Laferrière to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 6, 2024
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Akil Thomas to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Declan Carlile to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 5, 2024
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Andre Lee to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 4, 2024
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Connor Hughes to a one-year contract.

Jun 3, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Damian Clara to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Jakub Rychlovský to a two-year contract.

Jun 1, 2024
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Jakub Stancl to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2024
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Jared Davidson to a two-year contract.

May 30, 2024
Los Angeles Kings: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Kim Nousiainen.

May 29, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Ryan Suzuki to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Juraj Pekarcik to a three-year contract.

May 28, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Martin Misiak to a three-year contract; signed left wing Zachary Sanford to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Aleksanteri Kaskimäki to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Will Smith to a three-year contract.

May 26, 2024
Tampa Bay Lightning: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Ilya Usau.
Utah Hockey Team: Signed left wing Julian Lutz to a three-year contract.

May 24, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired first-round and second-round picks (the latter later traded to Carolina; 18th overall, Blackhawks selected Sacha Boisvert) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the New York Islanders for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 20th overall, Islanders selected Cole Eiserman) and two second-round picks (previously acquired from Los Angeles via Chicago and from Vancouver; 54th and 61st overall, Islanders selected Jesse Pulkkinen and Kamil Bednarik) in the 2024 NHL Draft. 
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Joe Hicketts and right wing Taylor Ward to one-year contract extensions.

May 23, 2024
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Kaleb Lawrence to a three-year contract.

May 22, 2024
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Luca Cagnoni to a three-year contract.

May 21, 2024
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Trent Miner to a one-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Aatu Jämsen to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Jack St. Ivany to a three-year contract extension; signed left wing Jonathan Gruden to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Filip Kral to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Ryan McDonagh and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 128th overall, Lightning selected Hagen Burrows) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick (213rd overall, Predators selected Erik Pahlsson) in the 2024 NHL Draft. 
Signed defenseman Dyllan Gill to a three-year contract.

May 20, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Brett Seney to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed center Dylan Roobroeck to a three-year contract.

May 17, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Rodwin Dionicio to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of left wing Zach Parise.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Kurtis MacDermid to a three-year contract extension.

May 16, 2024
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Samuel Laberge to a one-year contract extension; signed left wing Brian Halonen to a two-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Maxim Tsyplakov to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Mitchell Chaffee to a two-year contract extension.

May 15, 2024
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender David Rittich to a one-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Vladislav Firstov.

May 14, 2024
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Niko Huuhtanen tp a three-year contract.

May 10, 2024
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Valtteri Puustinen to a two-year contract extension.

May 8, 2024
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Hugh McGing to a two-year contract extension.

May 7, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Lukas Reichel to a two-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Nathan Légaré and left wing Max Willman to one-year contract extensions.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Marcus Högberg to a two-year contract.

May 6, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Charles-Alexis Legault to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Axel Sandin Pellikka to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Seamus Casey to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Jalub Málek to a two-year contract.

May 4, 2024
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Noel Nordh to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Alexander Pashin.

May 3, 2024
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Adam Engström to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Thomas Milic to a three-year contract.

May 1, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Vyacheslav Buteyets to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Ruslan Khazheyev to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Simon Robertsson and center Otto Stenberg to three-year contracts.

Apr 30, 2024
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Shane Bowers to a two-year contract extension; signed goaltender Ryan Schmelzer to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Samuel Johansson to a two-year contract; signed right wing Marcus Sylvegård to a one-year contract.

Apr 29, 2024
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Filip Larsson to a two-year contract; signed center Samuel Poulin to a two-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Nikita Grebyonkin to a three-year contract.

Apr 28, 2024
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Andrew Gibson to a three-year contract.

Apr 25, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Alex Vlasic to a six-year contract extension.

Apr 24, 2024
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Caden Price to a three-year contract.

Apr 23, 2024
Arizona Coyotes: Announced the retirement of right wing Jakub Voracek.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Luca Pinelli to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Ivan Fedotov to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 21, 2024
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Carson Rehkopf to a three-year contract.

Apr 20, 2024
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Tristan Broz to a three-year contract.

Apr 19, 2024
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Sean Behrens to a three-year contract; announced the retirement of goaltender Pavel Francouz.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Henrik Tikkanen and left wing Alex Jefferies to two-year contracts.

Apr 18, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of left wing Jakob Silfverberg.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Cade Webber to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Vasily Podkolzin to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 17, 2024
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Shai Buium to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury to a one-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Massimo Rizzo to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of center Jeff Carter.

Apr 16, 2024
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Luke Tuch to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Marshall Warren to a two-year contract.

Apr 15, 2024
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Waltteri Ignatjew to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Gavin Brindley to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Arttu Hyry to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Hunter McDonald to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Dylan Duke to a three-year contract.

Apr 14, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Cutter Gauthier to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Nicolas Mattinen to a one-year contract.

Apr 13, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Frank Nazar to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Dylan Peterson to a two-year contract.

Apr 12, 2024
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Wilmer Skoot and center Oliver Okuliar to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Lane Hutson to a three-year contract.

Apr 11, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Sam Colangelo to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Noah Hanifin to an eight-year contract extension.

Apr 10, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Jackson Blake to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Mikulas Hovorka to a two-year contract.

Apr 9, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Juha Jääskä to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Florian Xhekaj to a three-year contract.

Apr 8, 2024
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Oscar Eklind to a one-year contract.

Apr 7, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Bradly Nadeau to a three-year contract.

Apr 6, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Gleb Trikozov to a three-year contract.

Apr 5, 2024
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Samuel Hlavaj to a two-year contract.

Apr 4, 2024
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Sam Lipkin to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Dylan Wendt to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Collin Graf to a three-year contract.

Apr 3, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wings Coulson Pitre and Yegor Sidorov to three-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Nick Lardis to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Chris Wagner to a one-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed goaltender Victor Östman to a two-year contract.

Apr 2, 2024
Boston Bruins: Signed center Jaxon Nelson to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Scott Morrow to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Cooper Black to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Kalle Väisänen to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Vittorio Mancini to a two-year contract.

Apr 1, 2024
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Jacob Quillan to a two-year contract.

Mar 30, 2024
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Olivier Rodrigue to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Ty Mueller to a three-year contract.

Mar 29, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Nico Myatovic to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Ryan Ufko to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Simon Benoit to a three-year contract extension.

Mar 28, 2024
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Lukas Dragicevic to a three-year contract.

Mar 27, 2024
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Lleyton Roed to a two-year contract.

Mar 26, 2024
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Justus Annunen to a two-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Emmitt Finnie to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Jack Peart to a three-year contract.

Mar 25, 2024
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Benjamin Kraws to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Ben Steeves to a two-year contract.

Mar 24, 2024
Boston Bruins: Signed center Riley Duran to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Joni Jurmo to a two-year contract.

Mar 23, 2024
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Riley Heidt to a three-year contract.

Mar 22, 2024
New York Islanders: Signed center Cam Thiesing to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Stephen Halliday to a two-year contract.

Mar 21, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Tomas Suchanek to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing James Stefan to a three-year contract.

Mar 20, 2024
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Michael DiPietro to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Justn Hryckowian to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Jaroslav Chmelar to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Theo Lindstein to a three-year contract.

Mar 19, 2024
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Luke Krys to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Carter Gylander to a two-year contract.

Mar 18, 2024
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Sam Morton to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Connor Ungar to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Rasmus Kumpulainen to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of right wing Wayne Simmonds.

Mar 16, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Spencer Martin to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 15, 2024
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Tristan Bertucci to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Hugo Ollas to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Jamieson Rees from the Carolina Hurricanes for a sixth-round pick (168th overall, Hurricanes selected Timur Kol) in the 2024 NHL Draft; acquired center Wyatt Bongiovanni from the Winnipeg Jets for future considerations.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Christian Felton to a one-year contract.

Mar 14, 2024
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Hunter Brzustewicz to a three-year contract.

Mar 13, 2024
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Matthew Kessel to a two-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Bobby McMann to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 12, 2024
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Drew Bavaro to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Renounced the rights on center Topi Ronni, their second-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.

Mar 11, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Brendan Lemieux to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Justin Ertel to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Tim Gettinger to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right wing Nathan Legare from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Arnaud Durandeau.

Mar 10, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Landon Slaggert to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Louis Domingue to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 8, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Ben Meyers from the Colorado Avalanche for a fifth-round pick (132nd overall, Avalanche selected Louka Cloutier) in the 2024 NHL Draft; claimed defenseman William Lagesson off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Andrew Peeke from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Jakub Zboril and a third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Patrick Maroon from the Minnesota Wild for left wing Luke Toporowski and a conditional sixth-round pick (if Maroon plays at least one playoff game in 2023-24) in the 2026 NHL Draft; signed left wing Joey Abate to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Parker Wotherspoon to a one-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Nikita Okhotiuk from the San Jose Sharks for a conditional fifth-round pick (the better of the two picks that Chicago owns in this round; previously acquired from Chicago via Vancouver; 131st overall, Sharks selected Colton Roberts) in the 2024 NHL Draft; signed center Kevin Rooney to a one-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Evgeny Kuznetsov from the Washington Capitals for a third-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired goaltender Malcolm Subban from the St. Louis Blues for future considerations.
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Magnus Hellberg from the Pittsburgh Penguins for goaltender Ludovic Waeber and a seventh-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Kyle Okposo from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Calle Sjalin and a conditional seventh-round pick (a fifth-round pick if Florida wins the 2024 Stanley Cup, condition fulfilled; later traded to Colorado) in the 2024 NHL Draft; claimed defenseman Tobias Bjornfot off waivers from the Vegas Golden Knights.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Turner Elson from the New York Rangers for center Nic Petan.
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Jason Zucker from the Arizona Coyotes for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas; 190th overall, Utah selected Ludvig Lafton) in the 2024 NHL Draft; signed center Mark Jankowski to a two-year contract extension; signed goaltender Gustavs Grigals to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Dante Fabbro to a one-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired goaltender Jake Allen (50% salary retained) from the Montreal Canadiens for a conditional third-round pick (a second-round pick if Allen plays in 40 or more games in 2024-25 an the club he is a member of qualifies for the 2024-25 playoffs) in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired goaltender Kaapo Kahkonen from the San Jose Sharks for goaltender Vitek Vanecek and a seventh-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Jack Roslovic (50% salary retained) from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if the Rangers reach the Stanley Cup final and Roslovic plays in 50% of the playoff games) in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Chad Ruhwedel from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fourth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Claimed left wing Boris Katchouk off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Denis Gurianov from the Nashville Predators for right wing Wade Allison; acquired defenseman Erik Johnson from the Buffalo Sabres for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Winnipeg) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Devin Cooley from the Buffalo Sabres for a seventh-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Klim Kostin from the Detroit Red Wings for defenseman Radim Simek and a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 203rd overall, Red Wings selected Austin Baker) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Seattle Kraken: Signed right wing Jordan Eberle to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Matt Dumba and a seventh-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for a fifth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Connor Dewar from the Minnesota Wild for center Dmitri Ovchinnikov and a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired center Tomas Hertl (17.1 % salary retained) and third-round picks in the 2025 and 2027 NHL Drafts from the San Jose Sharks for center David Edstrom and a first-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired defenseman Colin Miller from the New Jersey Devils for a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Tyler Toffoli from the New Jersey Devils for a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft and a third-round pick (91st overall, Devils selected Herman Traff) in the 2024 NHL Draft.

Mar 7, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Jan Mysak from the Montreal Canadiens for center Jacob Perreault.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Daniil Miromanov, a conditional first-round pick in the 2025 (if not a top 10 pick or not traded to another destination by Mar 10, 2024) or 2026 NHL Draft and a conditional third-round pick (a second-round pick if Vegas wins one playoff-round in 2024, condition not fulfilled; previously acquired from Vegas via Pittsburgh; 84th overall, Flames selected Kiril Zarubin) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Vegas Golden Knights for center Mikhail Vorobyev; signed defenseman Daniil Miromanov to a two-year contract; acquired center Riley Damiani from the Dallas Stars for center Mathias Emilio Pettersen.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Jake Guentzel (25% salary retained) and defenseman Ty Smith from the Pittsburgh Penguins for left wing Michael Bunting, center Vasili Ponomarev, right wings Cruz Lucius and Ville Koivunen, a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick if Carolina reaches the 2024 Stanley Cup final, condition not fulfilled; 44th overall, Penguins selected Harrison Brunicke) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a conditional fifth-round pick (if Carolina wins the 2024 Stanley Cup, condition not fulfilled) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Jeremy Hanzel to a three-year contract; acquired left wing Yakov Trenin and defenseman Graham Sward from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Jeremy Hanzel and a third-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Brandon Duhaime from the Minnesota Wild for a third-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Connor Punnett to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Troy Stecher and a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 218th overall, Oilers selected Bauer Berry) in the 2024 NHL Draft for a fourth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft. 
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Gustav Forsling to an eight-year contract extension; signed goaltender Evan Cormier to a one-year contract; signed left wing Jonah Gadjovich to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Anthony Beauvillier from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Toronto) in the 2024 NHL Draft; claimed center Jaret Anderson-Dolan off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Noah Hanifin (50% salary retained) from the Calgary Flames for center Mikhail Vorobyev.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Oskar Sundqvist to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Anthony Duclair and a seventh-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Jack Thompson and a third-round pick (later traded to New Jersey) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Joel Edmundson from the Washington Capitals for a third-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders, later traded to Vegas) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago) in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Cade Webber from the Carolina Hurricanes for a sixth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired defenseman Noah Hanifin (50% salary retained) from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fifth-round pick (148th overall, Flyers selected Noah Powell) in the 2024 NHL Draft.

Mar 6, 2024
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Bowen Byram from the Colorado Avalanche for center Casey Mittelstadt.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Sean Walker and a fifth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Ryan Johansen and a conditional first-round pick (a 2026 pick if the 2025 pick is in the top 10) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Adam Henrique (50% salary retained) from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a fourth-round pick in the 2025 or 2026 (if Edmonton wins the 2023-24 Stanley Cup) NHL Draft; acquired center Sam Carrick (50% salary retained) and a seventh-round pick (196th overall, Oilers selected William Nichol) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for a first-round pick (later traded to Toronto) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a conditional fifth-round pick (a fourth-round pick if Edmonton wins the 2023-24 Stanley Cup) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Vladimir Tarasenko from the Ottawa Senators for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft if Florida wins the 2023-24 Stanley Cup) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jacob Moverare to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Jacob Ingham to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Alexander Wennberg (50% salary retained) from the Seattle Kraken for a second-round pick (63rd overall, Rangers selected Nathan Villeneuve) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas; a third-round pick in Nils Lundkvist earns 55 cumulative points over the 2002-23 and 2023-24 regular seasons) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Nick Seeler to a four-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Adam Henrique (50% salary retained) from the Anaheim Ducks for goaltender Ty Taylor.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Rasmus Sandin to a five-year contract extension.

Mar 5, 2024
Calgary Flames: Claimed defenseman Joel Hanley off waivers from the Dallas Stars.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Maxime Comtois to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Ivan Ivan to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Zach Bogosian to a two-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired left wing Anthony Mantha from the Washington Capitals for a second-round pick (52nd overall, Capitals selected Leon Muggli) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Claimed center Matthew Phillips off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Mar 4, 2024
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Aaron Dell to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Thomas Novak to a three-year contract extension.

Mar 3, 2024
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Jonathan Quick to a one-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Denver Barkey to a three-year contract.

Mar 2, 2024
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Sandis Vilmanis to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Mikael Diotte to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Gabriel Szturc to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Elias Pettersson to an eight-year contract extension.

Mar 1, 2024
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Max McCue to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Austin Roest to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Kurtis MacDermid from the Colorado Avalanche for center Zakhar Bardakov and a seventh-round pick (previously accumulates from Nashville; 215th overall, Avalanche selected Christian Humphreys) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Connor Mackey to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Milo Roelens to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Zac Funk to a three-year contract.

Feb 29, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Ilya Lyubushkin (50% salary retained) from the Anaheim Ducks for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defensemen Ilya Lyubushkin (50% salary retained) and Kirill Slepets from the Carolina Hurricanes for a sixth-round pick (184th overall, Hurricanes selected Roman Shokhrin) in the 2024 NHL Draft.

Feb 28, 2024
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Chris Tanev (50% salary retained) and goaltender Cole Brady from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Artem Grushnikov, a second-round pick (later traded to Calgary) in the 2024 NHL Draft, a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft and a conditional third-round pick (if Dallas reaches the 2024 Stanley Cup Final; later traded to Calgary) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Marat Khusnutdinov to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Chris Tanev (50% salary retained) from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Artem Grushnikov, a second-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas; 62nd overall, Flames selected Jacob Battaglia) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a conditional third-round pick (if Dallas reaches the 2024 Stanley Cup Final; previously acquired from Dallas) in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Feb 24, 2024
Arizona Coyotes: Terminated the contract of center Adam Ruzicka.

Feb 22, 2024
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed right wing Colin White off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Emil Bemstrom from the Columbus Blue Jackets for right wing Alexander Nylander and a conditional sixth-round pick (a third-round pick if Bemstrom scores at least six goals with the Penguins until the end of the season) in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Feb 21, 2024
New York Rangers: Signed center Jonny Brodzinski to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 20, 2024
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Michael Rasmussen to a four-year contract extension.

Feb 18, 2024
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Justin Brazeau to a two-year contract.

Feb 16, 2024
Nashville Predators: Signed center Michael McCarron to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed center Matthew Phillips off waivers from the Washington Capitals. 
Vegas Golden Knights: Terminated the contract of left wing Marcus Kallionkieli.

Feb 15, 2024
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Mason Shaw to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Isaac Poulter to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Brandon Scanlin to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 12, 2024
Detroit Red Wings: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Nolan Stevens.

Feb 9, 2024
San Jose Sharks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Leon Gawanke.

Feb 7, 2024
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Martin Pospisil to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Nick Bonino.

Feb 4, 2024
Calgary Flames: Claimed defenseman Brayden Pachal off waivers from the Vegas Golden Knights.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Brandon Gignac to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Jesse Puljujarvi to a two-year contract.

Feb 2, 2024
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired center Sean Monahan from the Montreal Canadiens for a first-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a conditional (if Winnipeg wins the 2024 Stanley Cup, condition not fulfilled) third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.

Jan 31, 2024
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Elias Lindholm from the Calgary Flames for left wing Andrei Kuzmenko, defensemen Joni Jurmo and Hunter Brzustewicz, a first-round pick (28th overall, Flames selected Matvei Gridin) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (the better of the two pick Vancouver currently owns, a third-round pick if Vancouver reaches the 2024 conference finals, condition not fulfilled; previously acquired from New Jersey, later traded to Philadelphia) in the 2024 NHL Draft.

Jan 29, 2024
Minnesota Wild: Claimed defenseman Declan Chisholm off waivers from the Winnipeg Jets.
Montreal Canadiens: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Nicolas Beaudin.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Ryan Poehling to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 26, 2024
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Zach Parise to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Kevin Gravel to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Owen Tippett to an eight-year contract extension.

Jan 25, 2024
Arizona Coyotes: Claimed center Adam Ruzicka off waivers from the Calgary Flames.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Will Butcher from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Maxim Cajkovic.
New Jersey Devils: Claimed defenseman Nick DeSimone off waivers from the Calgary Flames.

Jan 24, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Petr Mrazek to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Cole Smith to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 22, 2024
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Corey Perry to a one-year contract.

Jan 19, 2024
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed goaltender Spencer Martin off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Shane Pinto to a one-year contract.

Jan 18, 2024
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of center Tyler Ennis.

Jan 16, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Jason Dickinson to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 12, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Nick Foligno to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 11, 2024
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Filip Cederqvist from the Buffalo Sabres for future considerations.

Jan 10, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed defenseman Gustav Lindstrom off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.

Jan 9, 2024
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Nathan Walker to a two-year contract.

Jan 8, 2024
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Cutter Gauthier from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Jamie Drysdale and a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing William Nylander to an eight-year contract extension.

Jan 6, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Rem Pitlick from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft; claimed left wing Zach Sanford off waivers from the Arizona Coyotes.

Jan 4, 2024
Vegas Golden Knights: Claimed defenseman Tobias Bjornfot off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Jan 3, 2024
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed defenseman Jaycob Megna off waivers from the Seattle Kraken.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Uvis Balinskis to a two-year contract extension.