
Dec 30, 1998
Detroit Red Wings: Claimed defenseman Todd Gill off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.

Dec 29, 1998
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Andrei Trefilov from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Paul Coffey from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Nelson Emerson.

Dec 28, 1998
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Petr Svoboda from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Karl Dykhuis.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Enrico Ciccone from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations.

Dec 26, 1998
Montreal Canadiens: Named Jacques Lemaire a consultant to the general manager and signed him to a three-year contract.

Dec 22, 1998
New York Islanders: Claimed defenseman Eric Cairns off waivers from the New York Rangers.

Dec 19, 1998
St. Louis Blues: Claimed defenseman Bryan Helmer off waivers from the Phoenix Coyotes.

Dec 18, 1998
Florida Panthers: Named Costa Papista general manager for Louisville of the AHL.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired right wing Donald Audette from the Buffalo Sabres for a second-round pick in the 199. NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Claimed defenseman Rumun Ndur off waivers from the Buffalo Sabres.

Dec 17, 1998
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Zigmund Palffy to a five-year contract.

Dec 15, 1998
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed right wing Jason Dawe off waivers from the New York Islanders.

Dec 12, 1998
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Daymond Langkow and right wing Mikael Renberg from the Tampa Bay Lightning for centers Mike Sillinger and Chris Gratton.

Dec 11, 1998
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed senior advisor Cliff Fletcher to a four-year contract extension.

Dec 10, 1998
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Drew Bannister from the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim for a fifth-round pick in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 8, 1998
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed center Harry York off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Dec 3, 1998
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Steve Leach to a one-year contract with a club option for 1999-2000.

Dec 2, 1998
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Announced the agreement of a multi-year contract extension with Cincinnati of the IHL.

Dec 1, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Mike Wilson to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Bob Whidden goaltending consultant.

Nov 30, 1998
Ottawa Senators: Announced that assistant general manager Ray Shero has resigned to join the Nashville Predators in the same capacity.

Nov 27, 1998
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Stan Neckar from the Ottawa Senators for left wing Bill Berg and a second-round pick in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 25, 1998
New York Rangers: Signed center Petr Nedved.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Alexei Kovalev and center Harry York from the New York Rangers for centers Petr Nedved and Sean Pronger and defenseman Chris Tamer.

Nov 17, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Mike Maneluk from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Roman Vopat.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Suspended defenseman Michal Sykora indefinitely.

Nov 16, 1998
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired goaltender Jeff Hackett and defensemen Eric Weinrich and Alain Nasreddine from the Chicago Blackhawks for goaltender Jocelyn Thibault and defensemen Dave Manson and Brad Brown.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Eric Cairns.

Nov 13, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Bryan Muir from the New Jersey Devils for a conditional draft pick.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Adam Foote and right wing Jeff Odgers to multi-year contract extensions.

Nov 12, 1998
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Shjon Podein from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Keith Jones.

Nov 11, 1998
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Jeff Norton from the Florida Panthers for left wing Alex Hicks and a fifth-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders; 140th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 10, 1998
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Kyle McLaren to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Roman Vopat and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles, later traded to Ottawa; 164th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Cam Russell.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Bryan McCabe.

Nov 9, 1998
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Olaf Kolzig to a four-year contract.

Nov 7, 1998
New York Islanders: Acquired center-left wing Ted Donato from the Boston Bruins for left wing Ken Belanger.

Nov 6, 1998
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed general manager and head coach Jacques Demers to a four-year contract.

Nov 5, 1998
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center-left wing Anson Carter to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Andrei Trefilov.

Oct 31, 1998
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Cliff Ronning and defenseman Richard Lintner from the Phoenix Coyotes for future considerations.

Oct 29, 1998
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Eric Lacroix from the Colorado Avalance for left wing Roman Vopat and a sixth-round pick (later traded to Ottawa via Chicago; 164th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 28, 1998
Montreal Canadiens: Extended coach Alain Vigneault's contract through the 2000-01 season.

Oct 27, 1998
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired center Marty McInnis from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto, later traded to Washington; 121st overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Marquis Mathieu to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Acquired centers Jeff Shantz and Steve Dubinsky from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Jamie Allison and centers Marty McInnis and Erik Andersson.

Oct 25, 1998
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Greg de Vries from the Nashville Predators for a second-round pick (61st overall, Predators selected Ed Hill) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 22, 1998
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Pavol Demitra and left-wing Pascal Rheaume to contract-extensions.

Oct 21, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Dennis Bonvie to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Martin Rucinsky to a two-year contract with a club option for a third.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Cliff Fletcher senior advisor to the general manager.

Oct 20, 1998
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Jay Feaster assistant general manager, Don Murdoch director of hockey operations, Peter Mahovlich director of pro scouting and Rick Paterson associate coach.

Oct 19, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Doug Weight to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Brad Norton to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Trent Klatt from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Atlanta; 178th overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 16, 1998
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Tom Chorske and an eighth-round pick (219th overall, Capitals selected Maxim Orlov) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for a sixth-round pick (163rd overall, Islanders selected Bjorn Melin) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed defenseman Sergei Gonchar.

Oct 15, 1998
Washington Capitals: Acquired center/left wing James Black from the Chicago Blackhakws for future considerations.

Oct 14, 1998
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Kjell Samuelsson.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Alexander Karpovtsev and a fourth-round pick (108th overall, Maple Leafs selected Mirko Murovic) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for defenseman Mathieu Schneider.

Oct 13, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Ryan Smyth to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Ryan Bast and an eighth-round pick (224th overall, Flyers selected David Nystrom) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for a third-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers via Chicago; 90th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Fired general manager Phil Esposito and director of hockey development and scouting Tony Esposito; named coach Jacques Demers as general manager; named Don Murdoch director of player personnel.

Oct 9, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Alexei Zhitnik to a multi-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Derian Hatcher to a four-year contract extension through the 2002-03 season.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Doug Houda from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for future considerations.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Vladimir Malakhov to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Esa Tikkanen.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Waived defenseman Glen Featherstone.

Oct 8, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Miroslav Satan to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Named Mike O'Connell vice president of hockey operations; promoted Jeff Gorton to assistant to the vice president of hockey operations.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Rico Fata.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Alexander Semak.

Oct 7, 1998
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Jody Hull to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Waived left wing Louie DeBrusk.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed defenseman Rory Fitzpatrick off waivers from the Boston Bruins.

Oct 6, 1998
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Trevor Linden to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Glen Featherstone and left wing Garry Valk.

Oct 5, 1998
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Jamie Langenbrunner to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired center/left wing Brent Gilchrist from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a sixth-round pick (prevously acquired from Tampa Bay, later traded to Colorado; 158th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Valeri Zelepukin from the Edmonton Oilers for center Daniel Lacroix.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Corey Hirsch.

Oct 4, 1998
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Mike Ricci.

Oct 1, 1998
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center Jason Allison to a two-year contract; re-signed center/left wing Ted Donato to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Dimitri Tolkunov to a multi-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Marty McSorley, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired goaltender Eric Fichaud and defensemen Drake Berehowsky and Greg de Vries from the Edmonton Oilers for goaltender Mikhail Shtalenkov and center Jim Dowd.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Mike Knuble from the Detroit Red Wings for a third-round draft pick (38th overall, Red Wings selected Tomas Kopecky) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Sep 28, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Released right wing Roman Oksiuta.

Sep 27, 1998
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Darryl Sydor to a four-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Released right wing Petr Klima.

Sep 26, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Janne Niinimaa to a three-year contract.

Sep 25, 1998
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Jonathan Girard to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Jamie Storr to a three-year contract; signed right wing Todd Harvey.

Sep 23, 1998
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Jean-Francois Damphousse, their first-round pick in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Bernie Nicholls.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Brad May; signed right wing Bill Muckalt.

Sep 20, 1998
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Nolan Pratt to a multi-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Eric Daze to a multi-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Petr Sykora to a multi-year contract.

Sep 18, 1998
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Rob Blake and left wing Matt Johnson to three-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Released center Sasha Cucuz and defenseman Mike Lankshear.
Philadelphia Flyers: Released forward Gary Coupal.
St. Louis Blues: Released Jason DeLeurme.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Chris McAllister; released goaltender Eli Wilson.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Jeff Toms.

Sep 16, 1998
Vancouver Canucks: Suspended right wing Pavel Bure for his failure to participate in training camp.

Sep 15, 1998
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Keith Carney to a multi-year contract.

Sep 14, 1998
Dallas Stars: Signed assistant coaches Doug Jarvis and Rick Wilson to contract extensions through the 2001-02 season.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Vaclav Prospal to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defensemen Rory Fitzpatrick and Jamie Rivers.

Sep 13, 1998
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Steve Heinze to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Ethan Moreau to a multi-year contract.

Sep 12, 1998
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed forwards Tomas Holmstrom and Mathieu Dandenault to three-year contracts and goaltender Ryan Bach to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Suspended left wing Keith Tkachuk.
San Jose Sharks: Released right wing Alex Motley and center Kirby Law; named Ilkka Sinisalo as a European scout.

Sep 11, 1998
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Steve Halko to a multi-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Richard Matvichuk to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Harry York and defenseman Lee Sorochan.
Ottawa Senators: Named Mike Murphy assistant coach.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Brantt Myhres; re-signed center Steve Guolla.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wings Mike Johnson and Ladislav Kohn.

Sep 10, 1998
Boston Bruins: Signed center Eric Nickulas to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Dennis Vaske to a one-year contract with an option year.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Dean Sylvester.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Arturs Irbe, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Sergey Gusev to a one-year contract and defenseman Dan Keczmer to a one-year contract with an option year.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Scott Langkow to a one-year contract.

Sep 9, 1998
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Ray Bourque to a two-year contract, voiding his current pact; re-signed right wing Aaron Downey to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed head coach Kevin McCarthy of New Haven of the AHL to a multi-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Marty Turco to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed head coach Jacques Martin to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Shane Doan to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center John Cullen.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Mark Wotton.

Sep 8, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Scott Nichol to a multi-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Eric Fichaud to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Bruce Racine.

Sep 7, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Dale Tallon director of player personnel.

Sep 4, 1998
St. Louis Blues: Signed defensemen Kevin Dahl and Libor Zabransky, left wing Kevin Sawyer and goaltender Rich Parent.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Niklas Andersson.

Sep 3, 1998
Dallas Stars: Signed head coach Ken Hitchcock to three-year contract extension through the 2001-2002 season.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Robert Svehla to a four-year contract with a club option for a fifth season.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Doug Zmolek from the Los Angeles Kings for a third-round pick (76th overall, Kings selected Frantisek Kaberle) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Sep 2, 1998
Carolina Hurricanes: Bought out right wing Steve Rice.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center/left wing James Black; signed defenseman Bryan Fogarty and right wings Chris Herperger and Marki Makinen.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Brad Tiley to a one-year contract.

Sep 1, 1998
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of defenseman Al Iafrate.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Frank Musil to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Sergei Yerkovich to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Maxim Galanov.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Greg Adams to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Named Mike Kitchen assistant coach and re-signed assistant coach Jim Roberts.

Aug 31, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Steffon Walby.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Zarley Zalapski, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Michel Petit to a one-year contract.

Aug 28, 1998
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Joel Trottier to a three-year contract and defenseman Tom Virtue to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Dave Roche.
St. Louis Blues: Named Keith Allain goaltending coach, Robb Rogers strength and conditioning coordinator and Paul Guay part-time amateur scout.

Aug 27, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Randy Cunneyworth, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Joe Dziedzic to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Jarrod Skalde; signed left wing Jarrett Deuling.

Aug 26, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Eddie Olczyk.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Brent Severyn, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Ken Sutton from the San Jose Sharks for future considerations.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the retirement of right wing Mike Gartner.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Alpo Suhonen assistant coach.

Aug 25, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed centers Jeff Shantz and Chad Kilger, defenseman Cam Russell and goaltender Mark Fitzpatrick; signed defensemen Alain Nasreddine and Andrei Kozyrev.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Barry Dreger.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired goaltender Chris Terreri from the Chicago Blackhawks for a second-round pick (63rd overall, Blackhawks selected Stepan Mokhov) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Raymond Giroux from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Montreal; 172nd overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Jimmy Waite to a one-year contract; named Stieg Theander strength and conditioning coach.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Ronnie Stern.

Aug 24, 1998
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender Roman Turek and right wing Jeff Mitchell to one-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Richard Park to a one-year contract.

Aug 20, 1998
New York Rangers: Signed forward Vladimir Vorobiev.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Extended their affiliation agreement with St. John's of the AHL six years through 2005.

Aug 19, 1998
New York Islanders: Signed defensemen Dean Malkoc, David Harlock, Mike Gaul and Barry Richter.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Jeff Nelson from the Washington Capitals for future considerations.

Aug 18, 1998
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed forwards Scott Levins and Andrew Luciuk.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Marc Rodgers.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Eric Brewer to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Marcus Ragnarsson to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Scott Pearson.
Vancouver Canucks: Named David Nonis senior vice president of hockey operations.

Aug 17, 1998
Calgary Flames: Announced that defenseman Steve Smith has come out of retirement.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Bob Essensa to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Kay Whitmore.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Phil Crowe to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Peter White to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Steve McLaren to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Igor Korolev to a multi-year contract.

Aug 14, 1998
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Rod Brind'Amour to a three-year contract.

Aug 13, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Chris Ferraro and right wing Adam Copeland.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Brent Fedyk.

Aug 7, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Brian Holzinger to a multi-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Acquired goaltender Rick Tabaracci from the Calgary Flames for future considerations.

Aug 6, 1998
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Shane Hnidy.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center/left wing Todd Marchant to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Johan Hedberg from the Philadelphia Flyers for a seventh-round pick (200th overall, Flyers selected Pavel Kasparik) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Bob Corkum to a one-year contract.

Aug 5, 1998
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Andrei Vasilyev to a one-year contract and defenseman Mike Martone to a multi-year contract; named Tony Silva assistant equipment manager.

Aug 4, 1998
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Jason Zent and right wing Mark Greig to two-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Rick Ley assistant coach; announced assistant coach Terry Simpson is not returning to the organization; re-signed center Darby Hendrickson to a multi-year contract.

Aug 3, 1998
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Mike Maneluk and defenseman Dave MacIsaac to one-year contracts and defenseman John Stevens to a two-year contract.

Jul 31, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Geoff Sanderson to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired goaltender Manny Legace from the Carolina Hurricanes for future considerations.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Valeri Zelepukin to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Chris Simon.

Jul 30, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Signed centers Domenic Pittis and Craig Fisher.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing David Roberts to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Kevin Lowe, who will become an assistant coach with the team.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Justin Hocking to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of goaltender Kelly Hrudey.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Jesse Belanger; re-signed center Corey Spring.

Jul 29, 1998
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center/left wing Benoit Hogue to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Dmitri Mironov, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings.

Jul 28, 1998
New Jersey Devils: Named Slava Fetisov assistant coach and signed him to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Jan Mertzig.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Mike Prokopec, left wing Yves Sarault and center John Emmons.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Mark Eaton to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Promoted Laurence Gilman to director of hockey operations.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced an affiliation agreement with Chesapeake of the ECHL.

Jul 27, 1998
Dallas Stars: Signed defensemen Mel Angelstad and Matt Martin to two-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Stefan Cherneski.

Jul 24, 1998
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Marcus Nilson, their first-round pick in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Dallas Drake and defenseman Deron Quint to multi-year contracts; re-signed defenseman Jason Doig to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed centers Marty Reasoner, Derek Bekar, Ladislav Nagy, and Andrei Podkonicky, left wing Tyson Nash, and defensemen Tyler Hartlon and Jason Widmer.

Jul 23, 1998
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Jaroslav Spacek and forwards Craig Ferguson and Chad Cabana; named Slavomir Lener and Bill Smith assistant coaches.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Johan Whitehall,.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defensemen John Rohloff and Steve Lingren.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Joe Juneau.

Jul 22, 1998
Boston Bruins: Signed center Chris Taylor and defenseman Brandon Smith to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Rob Ray to a multi-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Cory Stillman to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Named Bill Stewart assisstant coach and Steve Stirlin organizational coach.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Todd Hall.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defensemen Patrick Traverse and John Gruden and center Steve Martins.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Sean Gagnon to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Bryan Helmer to a multi-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Sean Gauthier and defenseman Garrett Burnett and Christian Gosselin; named Mac Read strength and conditioning coordinator.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Perry Ganchar coach of Cleveland of the IHL and Jock Callander assistant coach.

Jul 21, 1998
Boston Bruins: Signed forward Peter Ferraro on a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Claimed defenseman Phil Housley off waivers from the Washington Capitals.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed forward Barry Potomski.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Chris Winnes.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the retirement of defenseman Jim Johnson and named him radio color analyst.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Brian Bellows.

Jul 20, 1998
Los Angeles Kings: Claimed goaltender Frederic Chabot off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
New York Rangers: Signed center Derek Armstrong.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Brad Werenka and center Stu Barnes.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Mike Eastwood, left wing Scott Pellerin and defenseman Ricard Persson; signed forward Derek Bekar.

Jul 17, 1998
Detroit Red Wings: Promoted Jim Nill to assistant general manager.
New Jersey Devils: Signed forwards Pierre Dagenais and Chris Thompson to multi-year contracts; re-signed forwards Vadim Sharifijanov and John Madden to multi-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Michal Sykora from the Chicago Blackhawks for goaltender Mark Fitzpatrick and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Montreal; 97th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 16, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Signed forwards Josef Beranek and Fredrik Lindqvist to multi-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Mike Buzak to a multi-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Jean-Francois Labbe.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Dimitri Tertyshny to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Scott Young, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, to a four-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Wendel Clark, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract with an option for 1999-2000.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Nikolai Antropov, their first-round pick in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 15, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Michel Riesen, their first-round pick in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Mike Richter to a multi-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Ron Hextall to a one-year contract extension through 1999-2000; signed right wing Paul Healey and defenseman Jeff Lank to two-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Curtis Joseph, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a multi-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Murray Baron, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Mike Rosati.

Jul 14, 1998
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Jan Hlavac from the New York Islanders for left wing Jorgen Jonsson.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Al Iafrate to a multi-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Aaron Gavey from the Calgary Flames for center Bob Bassen.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired right wing Doug Brown from the Nashville Predators for center Petr Sykora and third- (later traded to Edmonton; 91st overall) and fourth-round (preiously acquired as compensation for the loss of Bob Rouse; 124th overall, Predators selected Alexandr Krevsun) picks in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Paul Mara, their first-round pick in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Dallas Eakins, who had been with the Florida Panthers.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Dmitri Mironov, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings.

Jul 9, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Dwayne Roloson, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a multi-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Mickey Elick and forward Joel Irving.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Tony Hrkac from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing John MacLean, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Sergei Klimentiev to a two-year contract with a one-year option.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Andrei Skopintsev; announced an affiliation agreement with the Cleveland of the IHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the resignation of scout Garth Malarchuk to become head coach at Kelowna of the WHL; announced that assistant coach Mike Kitchen and goaltending coach Rick Wamsley will not be returning to the coaching staff, with Wamsley assuming a scouting position.

Jul 8, 1998
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed forward Tommy Westlund.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Mike Bales to a two-year contract.

Jul 7, 1998
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Peter Nordstrom to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Vitali Yachmenev from the Los Angeles Kings for future considerations.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Bobby Holik to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Named Lorne Henning associate coach and Stefan Lunner and Greg Cronin assistant coaches.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender John Vanbiesbrouck, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; named Craig Ramsay assistant coach.

Jul 6, 1998
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Uwe Krupp, who had been with Nashville Predators.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Marc Bureau, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Karel Betik.

Jul 3, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defensemen Tom Poti to a multi-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed centers Doug Gilmour, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, and Mark Janssens, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to multi-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Brett Hull, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a three-year.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Jyrki Lumme, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a five-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Todd Warriner.

Jul 2, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed head coach and general manager Glen Sather.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Guy Carbonneau and defenseman Craig Ludwig to one-year contracts with a one-year option; signed forward Kelly Fairchild to a two-year contract; signed left wing Greg Leeb to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing David Oliver to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Scott Fraser, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Tom Kurvers professional scout.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Geoff Courtnall.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Ladislav Kohn from the Calgary Flames for defenseman David Cooper.

Jul 1, 1998
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Al Hill scout.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Gary Suter, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks.

Jun 30, 1998
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Peter Popovic from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Sylvain Blouin.
Ottawa Senators: Named Rick Dudley general manager.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Mike Sullivan from the Nashville Predators for a seventh-round pick (205th overall, Predators selected Kyle Kettles) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Alexander Selivanov to a two-year contract.

Jun 29, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Dirk Graham head coach and Denis Savard and Lorne Molleken assistant coaches.
Ottawa Senators: Announced the resignation of general manager Pierre Gauthier.

Jun 27, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired first- and fourth-round picks (8th and 94th overall, Blackhawks selected Mark Bell and Matthias Trattnig) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for first-, third- and fifth-round picks (the last one previously acquired from Carolina; 10th, 69th and 126th overall, Maple Leafs selected Nik Antropov, Jamie Hodson and Morgan Warren) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Paul Coffey from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fifth-round pick (previously re-acquired from the New York Islanders; 124th overall, Flyers selected Francis Belanger) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired first- (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 2nd overall, Predators selected David Legwand) and third-round picks (previously acquired from New Jersey; 85th overall, Predators Geoff Koch) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for first- and second-round picks (3rd and 29th overall, Sharks selected Brad Stuart and Jonathan Cheechoo) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired a first-round pick (27th overall, Devils selected Scott Gomez) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for two second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Hartford; 39th and 57th overall, Stars selected John Erskine and Tyler Bouck) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 116th overall, Coyotes selected Josh Blackburn) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Montreal; 145th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 26, 1998
Nashville Predators: Claimed the following players in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft: left wings Andrew Brunette (Washington Capitals), Patrick Cote (Dallas Stars), Jeff Daniels (Carolina Hurricanes), Doug Friedman (Edmonton Oilers) and Denny Lambert (Ottawa Senators); centers Craig Darby (Philadelphia Flyers), Tony Hrkac (Pittsburgh Penguins), Greg Johnson (Chicago Blackhawks) and Mike Sullivan (Boston Bruins); right wings Blair Atcheynum (St. Louis Blues), Paul Brousseau (Tampa Bay Lightning), Doug Brown (Detroit Red Wings) and Scott Walker (Vancouver Canucks); defensemen Joel Bouchard (Calgary Flames), Bob Boughner (Buffalo Sabres), J.J. Daigneault (New York Islanders), Al Iafrate (San Jose Sharks), Uwe Krupp (Colorado Avalanche), John Slaney (Phoenix Coyotes), Rob Zettler (Toronto Maple Leafs) and Chris Armstrong (Florida Panthers); goaltenders Frederic Chabot (Los Angeles Kings), Mike Dunham (New Jersey Devils), Mike Richter (New York Rangers), Mikhail Shtalenkov (Anaheim Mighty Ducks) and Tomas Vokoun (Montreal Canadiens); acquired center Darren Turcotte and a second-round pick (previously acquired as compensation for the loss of Brett Hull, later traded to Florida; 40th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the St. Louis Blues for future considerations (Predators agreed not to select Jamie McLennan in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft); acquired right wing Sergei Krivokrasov from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations (Predators agreed not to select Chris Terreri in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft); acquired defensemen Jan Vopat and Kimmo Timonen from the Los Angeles Kings for future considerations (Predators agreed not to select Garry Galley in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft); acquired left wing Ville Peltonen from the San Jose Sharks for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Phoenix; 116th overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations (Predators agreed not to select Tony Granato in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft); acquired center Sebastien Bordeleau from the Montreal Canadiens for future considerations (Predators agreed not to select Peter Popovic in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft); acquired goaltender Dominic Roussel and defenseman Jeff Staples from the Philadelphia Flyers for a seventh-round pick (175th overall, Flyers selected Cam Ondrik) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations (Predators agreed not to select Paul Coffey in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft); acquired center Jim Dowd from the Calgary Flames for future considerations (Predators agreed not to select any goaltender from Calgary in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft).
San Jose Sharks: Named Bob Berry assistant coach.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Pat Quinn head coach.

Jun 25, 1998
Dallas Stars: Named Bill McDonald head coach of Michigan of the IHL and signed him to a two-year contract; retained Jim Playfair as assistant coach at Michigan.

Jun 23, 1998
New York Rangers: Named Charlie Huddy assistant coach.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Fired head coach Mike Murphy.

Jun 22, 1998
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of goaltender Andy Moog.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Neil Little to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Yannick Tremblay.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Brian Burke president and general manager.

Jun 18, 1998
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defensemen Joel Kwiatkowski.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Ryan Vandenbussche, right wing Ty Jones and defenseman Jason Hamilton.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Jon Sim to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Excercised a club option on defenseman Jamie Macoun through the 1998-99 season.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired goaltender Eric Fichaud from the New York Islanders for left wing Mike Watt.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Doug Bodger from the New Jersey Devils for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 105th overall, Devils selected Pierre Dagenais) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Named Keith Acton assistant coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Jean-Francois Jomphe from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for left wing Jim McKenzie.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Steve Shields and a fourth-round pick (104th overall, Sharks selected Miroslav Zalesak) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for goaltender Kay Whitmore, a second-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 50th overall, Sabres selected Jaroslav Kristek) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft and a fifth-round pick (later traded to Columbis; 150th overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Bill Ranford from the Washington Capitals for a third-round pick (59th overall, Capitals selected Todd Hornung) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (29th overall, Capitals selected Michal Sivek) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft; added Paulin Bordeleau to the coaching staff.

Jun 17, 1998
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Ken Wregget and left wing Dave Roche from the Pittsburgh Penguins for left wings German Titov and Todd Hlushko.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed an affiliation agreement with Florida of the ECHL.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Peter Ratchuk and forward Tero Lehtera.

Jun 16, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Josef Beranek from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Bobby Dollas and center Tony Hrkac.

Jun 12, 1998
Boston Bruins: Signed center Andre Savage to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Chris Clark and defenseman Darrel Scoville.
St. Louis Blues: Signed coach Joel Quenneville to a two-year contract extension through the 2000-01 season; re-signed defenseman Al MacInnis and forward Terry Yake to three-year contracts.

Jun 11, 1998
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Craig Janney from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Louie DeBrusk and a fifth-round pick (115th overall, Coyotes selected Jay Leach) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 10, 1998
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Curtis Doell.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Mike Valley.

Jun 5, 1998
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Shane Belter to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Sean Hill to a multi-year contract.

Jun 4, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Tim Thomas to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Announced an affiliation agreement with Richmond of the ECHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Marc Robitaille.

Jun 3, 1998
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Jason Smith to a multi-year contract; re-signed defenseman Nathan Dempsey.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Matt Cooke, left wing Richard Irwin, right wing Jonas Soling and forward Stewart Bodtker.

Jun 2, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Colin Pepperall, signed defensemen Andy Johnson and Jeff Paul and center Geoff Peters to three-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Named Bob Hartley head coach and Bryan Trottier assistant coach; named Mike Foligno head coach of Hershey of the AHL.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Chris Allen to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Russ Courtnall to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Terry Friesen and right wing Matt Bradley.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Curtis Tipler.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed forward Konstantin Kalmikov.

Jun 1, 1998
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired goaltender Randy Petruk from the Colorado Avalanche for a fifth-round pick (142nd overall; Avalanche selected Will Magnuson) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Colin Pepperall from the New York Rangers for a ninth-round pick (251st overall, Rangers selected Petter Henning) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Jesse Wallin, their first-round pick in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Marian Cisar from the Los Angeles Kings for future considerations.

May 30,, 1998
New York Islanders: Acquired center Dmitri Nabokov from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Jean-Pierre Dumont and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago, later traded to Philadelphia; 124th overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

May 29, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Cory Sarich to a multi-year contract.

May 28, 1998
Los Angeles Kings: Reached a one-year agreement with the Phoenix Coyotes in which the Kings will provide eight players to Springfield of the AHL, the Coyotes' affiliate.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed head coach Darryl Sutter; re-ssigned assistant coach Paul Baxter; named Roy Sommer head coach and Nick Fotiu assistant coach of Kentucky of the AHL.

May 27, 1998
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Robert Kron to a four-year contract extension through the 2002-03 season.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced head coach Marc Crawford will not return.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Greg Phillips to a three-year contract.

May 25, 1998
Ottawa Senators: Exercised their option to extend left wing Magnus Arvedson's contract through the 1998-99 season.

May 22, 1998
NHL: Ruled that defenseman Ryan Bast was not under contract to Calgary since he was never drafted and had no NHL clause in contract; also ruled that Bast was not property of Philadelphia because Flyers' contract offer exceeds NHL rookie salary cap.

May 19, 1998
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Mikael Andersson.

May 18, 1998
New York Islanders: Re-signed general manager and head coach Mike Milbury to a five-year contract; named Daren Anderson vice president of hockey operations; promoted Gord Clark to assistant general manager of player personnel; named Mike Santos general manager of player contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Ryan Bast to a two-year contract.

May 8, 1998
New Jersey Devils: Announced the resignation of head coach Jacques Lemaire.

May 3, 1998
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Claimed ... Eric Lecompte off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.

Mar, 26, 1998
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Brian Bellows.

Mar 24, 1998
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Jason Wiemer from the Tampa Bay Lightning for right wing Sandy McCarthy, and third- and fifth-round picks (64th and 121st overall, Lightning selected Brad Richards and Curtis Rich) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Ray Sheppard from the Florida Panthers for goaltender Kirk McLean.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Ryan VandenBussche from the New York Rangers for defenseman Ryan Risidore.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Warren Rychel and a fourth-round pick (112th overall, Avalanche selected Sanny Lindstrom) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for center Josef Marha; acquired right wing Tom Fitzgerald from the Florida Panthers for right wing Mark Parrish and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 63rd overall, Panthers selected Lance Ward) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing Mike Kennedy from the Toronto Maple Leafs for an eighth-round pick (228th overall, Maple Leafs selected Mihail Travnicek) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Dmitri Mironov from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenseman Jamie Pushor and a fourth-round pick (112th overall, Mighty Ducks selected Viktor Wallin) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Jamie Macoun from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 87th overall, Maple Leafs selected Alexei Ponikarovsky) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired right wing Jason Dawe from the Buffalo Sabres for left wing Paul Kruse and defenseman Jason Holland.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Todd Harvey, left wing Bob Errey and a fourth-round pick (114th overall, Rangers selected Boyd Kane) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for center Brian Skrudland, right wing Mike Keane and a sixth-round pick (153rd overall, Stars selected Pavel Patera) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center Sean Pronger from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for goaltender Patrick Lalime.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Dave Babych and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 139th overall, Flyers selected Garrett Prosofsky) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for a third-round pick (81st overall, Canucks selected Justin Morrison) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Dan McGillis and a second-round pick (42nd overall, Flyers selected Jason Beckett) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Janne Niinimaa.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Mark Janssens from the New York Islanders for a ninth-round pick (242nd overall, Islanders selected Jason Doyle) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Jason Muzzatti from the New York Rangers for defenseman Rich Brennan.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Todd Gill from the San Jose Sharks for right wing Joe Murphy; acquired center Mike Eastwood from the New York Rangers for center Harry York.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired right wing Andrei Nazarov and a first-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 1st overall, Ligtning selected Vincent Lecavalier) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for defensemen Bryan Marchment and David Shaw and a first-round pick (later traded to Nashville; 2nd overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Jeff Brown from the Toronto Maple Leafs for defenseman Sylvain Cote.

Mar 23, 1998
New York Islanders: Acquired left wing Gino Odjick from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Jason Strudwick.

Mar 18, 1998
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Jay Henderson.
St. Louis Blues: Named Rick Meagher interim assistant coach for the remainder of the season; signed right wing Kelly Chase, center Daniel Corso, and goaltenders Grant Fuhr and Jamie McLennan.

Mar 17, 1998
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Per Gustafsson from the Toronto Maple Leafs for an eighth-round pick (215th overall, Maple Leafs selected Dwight Wolfe) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft

Mar 16, 1998
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Rob Murray to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 14, 1998
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Martin Gendron from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing David Ling.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Jamie Huscroft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Enrico Ciccone.

Mar 13, 1998
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Larry Murphy to a two-year contract extension through the 1999-2000 season with an option for a third season.
Florida Panthers: Waived defenseman Dallas Eakins.

Mar 12, 1998
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Rob Zamuner to a three-year contract extension.

Mar 11, 1998
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Ryan Christie and defenseman Evgeny Tsybuk to three-year contracts.
New York Islanders: Fired head coach Rick Bowness; announced general manager Mike Milbury will assume head coaching duties; re-assigned assistant Brad McCrimmon to scouting duties; named director of player personnel Gord Clark assistant coach.

Mar 9, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Frank Musil from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Scott Ferguson.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-assigned head coach Wayne Cashman and announced he will remain with the team as an assistant coach; named St. Louis Blues assistant Roger Neilson head coach; named associate coach Keith Acton as an assistant coach; fired assistant coach Dave Brown.

Mar 8, 1998
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Esa Tikkanen from the Florida Panthers for right wing Dwayne Hay and future considerations.

Mar 7, 1998
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Lonny Bohonos from the Vancouver Canucks for center Brandon Convery.

Mar 4, 1998
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Keith Carney and right wing Jim Cummins from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Jay More and center Chad Kilger.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Garth Snow from the Philadelphia Flyers for goaltender Sean Burke.

Mar 3, 1998
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Grant Ledyard from the Vancouver Canucks for an eighth-round pick (219th overall, Canucks selected Curtis Valentine) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 2, 1998
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Mark McMahon.

Feb 26, 1998
Detroit Red Wings: Matched the six-year, $38 million, offer sheet tendered by the Carolina Hurricanes to center Sergei Fedorov.

Feb 24, 1998
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Mats Sundin to a multi-year contract.

Feb 23, 1998
Phoenix Coyotes: Waived right wing Jocelyn Lemieux.

Feb 19, 1998
New York Rangers: Named John Muckler head coach.

Feb 18, 1998
New York Rangers: Fired head coach Colin Campbell.

Feb 9, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed center Jarrod Skalde off waivers from the Dallas Stars.

Feb 6, 1998
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired center Travis Green, defenseman Doug Houda and right wing Tony Tuzzolino from the New York Islanders for defenseman Jean-Jacques Daigneault, center Mark Janssens and right wing Joe Sacco.
New York Islanders: Acquired center Trevor Linden from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Bryan McCabe, right wing Todd Bertuzzi and a third-round pick (68th overall, Canucks selected Jarkko Ruutu) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 5, 1998
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Mike Sillinger from the Vancouver Canucks for a fifth-round pick (later traded back to Philadelphia; 139th overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Peter Zezel from the New Jersey Devils for a fifth-round pick (119th overall, Devils selected Anton But) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 4, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Geoff Sanderson from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Brad May and a third-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 88th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 2, 1998
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Jonas Hoglund and defenseman Zarley Zalapski from the Calgary Flames for left wing Valeri Bure and a fourth-round pick (102nd overall, Flames selected Shaun Sutter) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 27, 1998
Dallas Stars: Claimed center Jarrod Skalde off waivers from the San Jose Sharks.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Jaromir Jagr to a four-year contract extension through the 2002-03 season.

Jan 23, 1998
Toronto Maple Leafs: Waived defenseman Per Gustafsson.

Jan 22, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Bob Probert to a three-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Claimed center Jarrod Skalde off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed defenseman Jassen Cullimore off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.

Jan 17, 1998
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Vaclav Prospal, right wing Pat Falloon and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas; 58st overall, Senators selected Chris Bala) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Alexandre Daigle.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Peter Bondra to a four-year contract.

Jan 16, 1998
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Dino Ciccarelli and defenseman Jeff Norton from the Tampa Bay Lightning for goaltender Mark Fitzpatrick and right wing Jody Hull.
Los Angeles Kings: Released left wing Sean O'Brien.

Jan 15, 1998
Buffalo Sabres: Exercised up the option on goaltender Dominik Hasek's contract for the 1998-99 season.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Patrick Poulin, right wing Mick Vukota and defenseman Igor Ulanov from the Tampa Bay Lightning for right wing Stephane Richer, center Darcy Tucker and defenseman David Wilkie.

Jan 14, 1998
New York Rangers: Claimed center Peter Ferraro off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Jan 9, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Bobby Dollas from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenseman Drew Bannister.

Jan 8, 1998
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Reid Simpson from the New Jersey Devils for a fourth-round pick (96th overall, Devils selected Mikko Jokela) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft; claimed center Jarrod Skalde off waivers from the San Jose Sharks.

Jan 6, 1998
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed center Tony Hrkac off waivers from the Dallas Stars.

Jan 5, 1998
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Shawn Heins.

Jan 4, 1998
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Jason Arnott and defenseman Bryan Muir from the Edmonton Oilers for right wing Bill Guerin and left wing Valeri Zelepukin.

Jan 3, 1998
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Michel Picard.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Sean Burke, defenseman Enrico Cicone and left wing Geoff Sanderson from the Carolina Hurricanes for goaltender Kirk McLean and right wing Martin Gelinas.

Jan 2, 1998
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Jeff Brown from the Carolina Hurricanes for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Nashville; 121st overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
