Dec 28, 2007
Dallas Stars: Extended the contracts of head coach Dave Tippett, associate coach Rick Wilson and assistant coach Mark Lamb through the 2008-09 season.
New York Islanders: Signed center Kyle Okposo to a three-year contract.

Dec 26, 2007
Calgary Flames: Signed center John Armstrong and defenseman John Negrin to three-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Named Bruce Boudreau head coach.

Dec 18, 2007
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Jim Vandermeer from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Ben Eager.

Dec 17, 2007
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Jonathon Blum, their first-round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Granted left wing Chris Simon a leave of absence.

Dec 15, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Lifted the suspension of defenseman Scott Niedermayer and added him to the active roster.

Dec 14, 2007
Florida Panthers: Signed center Shawn Matthias.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Andy McDonald from the Anaheim Ducks for center Doug Weight, left wing Michal Birner and a seventh-round pick (later traded back to St. Louis via Los Angeles; 185th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 13, 2007
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Mike Richards to a 12-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Named Michael McCarthy vice chairman.

Dec 11, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Tom Barrasso goaltending coach.
Nashville Predators: Named David Poile president of hockey operations and general manager and Ed Lang president of business operations.

Dec 10, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Bruno St. Jacques to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Jussi Timonen from the Philadelphia Flyers for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Evgeny Fedorov from the Los Angeles Kings for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Chicago; 179th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Promoted Ken Holland to executive vice president and general manager and Jim Nill to vice president and assistant general manager.
Edmonton Oilers: Waived defenseman Mathieu Roy.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Waived left wing Bates Battaglia.

Dec 8, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed right wing Mark Recchi off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Dec 7, 2007
Nashville Predators: Signed center David Legwand to a six-year contract extension.

Dec 6, 2007
Boston Bruins: Acquired goaltender Alex Auld from the Phoenix Coyotes for right wing Nate DiCasmirro and a fifth-round pick (later traded to Ottawa; 146th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 30, 2007
Minnesota Wild: Announced the retirement of center Wes Walz.

Nov 28, 2007
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Braydon Coburn to a multi-year contract extension.

Nov 22, 2007
Minnesota Wild: Claimed left wing Todd Fedoruk off waivers from the Dallas Stars.
Washington Capitals: Fired head coach Glen Hanlon; named Bruce Boudreau interim head coach.

Nov 21, 2007
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Matt Carle to a four-year contract extension.

Nov 20, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Ryan Getzlaf to a five-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named John McDonough president.

Nov 19, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Brian Sutherby from the Washington Capitals for a second-round pick (later traded to Atlanta via Montreal; 45th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Bryce Lampman from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Mario Scalzo.

Nov 17, 2007
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Nov 16, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Waived goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov.

Nov 15, 2007
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defensemen Aaron Rome and Clay Wilson from the Anaheim Ducks for center Geoff Platt.

Nov 14, 2007
Dallas Stars: Named Jeff Cogen president.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Erik Rasmussen.

Nov 13, 2007
Dallas Stars: Fired general manager Doug Armstrong; named Brett Hull and Les Jackson interim co-general managers.
Florida Panthers: Claimed center Garth Murray off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.

Nov 8, 2007
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Jason Bacashihua from the St. Louis Blues for future considerations.
Minnesota Wild: Granted center Wes Walz an indefinite leave of absence.

Nov 5, 2007
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Josh Godfrey to a three-year contract.

Nov 2, 2007
New York Islanders: Signed Al Arbour to a one-day coaching contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Jason Spezza to a seven-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Sandis Ozolinsh, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.

Nov 1, 2007
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Nolan Pratt, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Patrick Maroon.

Oct 29, 2007
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff to a multi-year contract extension.

Oct 27, 2007
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Alexander Semin to a two-year contract extension.

Oct 26, 2007
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Kris Draper to a three-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Jason Cullimore to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Dustin Brown to a six-year contract extension.

Oct 25, 2007
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Brent Burns to a four-year contract extension.

Oct 23, 2007
Toronto Maple Leafs: Suspended left wing Tony Salmelainen.

Oct 19, 2007
San Jose Sharks: Reached a two-year affiliation agreement with Phoenix of the ECHL.

Oct 17, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Fired head coach Bob Hartley, named general manager Don Waddell interim head coach.

Oct 16, 2007
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Brad Marchand.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Jochen Hecht to a four-year contract extension through the 2011-12 season.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Randy Robitaille, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.

Oct 11, 2007
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Pierre Parenteau from the Chicago Blackhawks for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 9, 2007
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Bryan Berard, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Rory Fitzpatrick, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Dustin Jeffrey to a three-year contract.

Oct 8, 2007
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Mike Duco and defenseman Jordan Henry.
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed defenseman Freddy Meyer off waivers from the New York Islanders.

Oct 7, 2007
New York Islanders: Signed center Richard Park to a two-year contract extension.

Oct 6, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman David Tanabe to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed general manager Kevin Lowe to a four-year contract extension.

Oct 5, 2007
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Rocky Wirtz chairman; announced the resignation of vice president Peter Wirtz.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Nick Palmieri.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Radek Martinek to a three-year contract extension.

Oct 4, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Ron Francis assistant general manager.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced an affiliation agreement with Elmira of the ECHL.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Mike Johnson, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens; announced a one-year affiliation agreement with Alaska of the ECHL.

Oct 3, 2007
Boston Bruins: Signed center Glen Metropolit, who had been with the St. Louis Blues.
Dallas Stars: Released defenseman Matt Nickerson.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Dany Heatley to a multi-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Jim Dowd, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, and right wing Jesse Boulerice, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to one-year contracts.

Oct 2, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed defenseman Karel Pilar off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
Edmonton Oilers: Released right wing Anson Carter.
New Jersey Devils: Claimed defenseman Sheldon Brookbank off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.
New York Islanders: Released defenseman Bryan Berard.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed defenseman Mike Weaver off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Oct 1, 2007
Boston Bruins: Waived left wing Jeff Hoggan.
Detroit Red Wings: Waived center Mark Hartigan.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Sam Gagner, their first-round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Waived defenseman Andrew Hutchinson.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Adam Hall, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Released defenseman David Tanabe.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Greg Millen television analyst.
Vancouver Canucks: Released defenseman Dan McGillis.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Tomas Fleischmann

Sep 30, 2007
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Adam Courchaine.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Released defenseman Joel Bouchard.

Sep 29, 2007
Calgary Flames: Signed center Mark Smith, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Peter Aston.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center James Sheppard, their first-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.

Sep 28, 2007
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Brent Sopel, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Waived goaltender Frank Doy

Sep 27, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the resignation of vice president/assistant general manager Jason Karmanos.
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed defenseman Karel Pilar off waivers from the Atlanta Thrashers.

Sep 26, 2007
New York Rangers: Released center Mark Smith.

Sep 25, 2007
Boston Bruins: Named Cam Neely vice president.
Detroit Red Wings: Released goaltender Dominic Vicari, defensemen Jassen Cullimore, Jon Insana, Scott Jackson and Cleve Kinley and right wings Neil Clark, Adam Keefe and Jamie Tardif.
Philadelphia Flyers: Released left wing Adam Henrich and center Brad Schell.
Vancouver Canucks: Waived centers Greg Classen and Brad Moran and right wing Jozef Balej.

Sep 24, 2007
Boston Bruins: Acquired defensemen Brett Skinner and Nathan Saunders from the Anaheim Ducks for center Mark Mowers.

Sep 22, 2007
Minnesota Wild: Released center Adrian Foster.

Sep 21, 2007
Columbus Blue Jackets: Promoted Don Boyd to director of hockey operations and player personnel, Chris MacFarland to assistant to the general manager, John Williams to assistant director of amateur scouting and Kjell Larsson to European scout; named Bryan Stewart video scout.

Sep 20, 2007
New Jersey Devils: Named Sherry Ross radio color commentator.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Dan McGillis to a tryout contract.

Sep 19, 2007
Minnesota Wild: Released defenseman Maxim Noreau and left wing Ryan Graham.

Sep 18, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Released center Tyler Bouck.
Philadelphia Flyers: Released defenseman Ryan Wilson and right wing Matt Stefanishion.

Sep 17, 2007
Boston Bruins: Released defenseman Daryl Boyle, center Reid Jorgensen and left wing Jamison Orr.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Mike Fisher to a five-year contract.

Sep 16, 2007
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Anson Carter to a tryout contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Sandis Ozolinsh to a tryout countract.
Vancouver Canucks: Released defenseman Chad Brownlee.

Sep 13, 2007
Columbus Blue Jackets: Suspended center Alexander Svitov.
Philadelphia Flyers: Released left wing Patrick LeBeau and defensemen Adam Bourque-LeBlanc, Tysen Dowzak and Max Ouimet-Desjardins.
San Jose Sharks: Released left wing Jared Walker.

Sep 12, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed radio analyst Brent Severyn to a multi-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing David Spina.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed goaltending coach Gilles Meloche to a two-year contract; signed assistant coaches Andre Savard and Mike Yeo to one-year contract extensions.

Sep 11, 2007
Boston Bruins: Acquired center/right wing Petteri Nokelainen from the New York Islanders for center Ben Walter and a conditional second-round pick (dependent on Nokelainen appearing in 50 or more games in either 2007-08 or 2008-09 or in 90 games total over those seasons; later traded to Columbus; 56th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Released defensemen Tyler Cuthbert and Jean-Phillippe Paquet, centers Brian Ihnacak and Matt Caria and left wing Kevin Henderson.
San Jose Sharks: Released left wing Hunter Tremblay, right wing Patrick Bernier and defensemen Jason Demers, Juraj Valach and Justin Wallingford.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Released left wing Daniel Sparre and center Peter Tsimikalis.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Lars Lindgren professional scout and Ray Payne amateur scout.

Sep 10, 2007
Edmonton Oilers: Named Stu MacGregor head scout.
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of goaltender Mike Dunham and named him goaltending coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Released centers Alex Bolduc, Zack Smith and Martin Thibeault, right wings Evan Fuller and Ash Goldie, left wing Garet Hunt, goaltender Keyvan Hunt and defenseman Dylan Yeo.

Sep 7, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Tom Barrasso director of goaltender development.

Sep 6, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Riley Holzapfel.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Ian Laperriere to a one-year contract extension.

Sep 4, 2007
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Josh Langfeld, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Jeremy Roenick, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed assistant coach Barry Smith and goaltending consultant Ian Clark to contract-extensions.

Aug 31, 2007
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed a one-year affiliation agreement with Arizona of the CHL.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Patrick Marleau to a two-year contract extension.

Aug 30, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Joel Kwiatkowski, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed Jussi Jokinen to a two-year contract.

Aug 29, 2007
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Vadim Khomitski to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Keith Ballard to a two-year contract.

Aug 28, 2007
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Richard Petiot to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Aubin, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; named Dave Lewis assistant coach; promoted Jamie Kompon to assistant coach/director of amateur development.

Aug 27, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Chris Kunitz to a four-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Brett Clark to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman John Erskine to a two-year contract.

Aug 24, 2007
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Milan Michalek to a six-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Promoted Jeff Jackson to assistant general manager/director of hockey operations.

Aug 23, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Named Trent Yawney professional scout.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Michael Peca, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Named Rob DiMaio scout.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Stephen Weiss to a six-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Drew Bagnall to a multi-year contract.

Aug 21, 2007
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Mike Kadar strength and conditioning coach.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Chris Porter.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Trevor Linden.

Aug 20, 2007
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Wyatt Smith, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, and defenseman Wes O'Neill to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jon Klemm, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Serge Payer, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Matt Zaba.
San Jose Sharks: Named Mike Ricci advisor to hockey operations and Bryan Marchment scout.

Aug 16, 2007
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Tanner Glass.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Paul Martin to a multi-year contract; announced the extension of the affiliation agreement with Lowell of the AHL through the 2009-10 season.
New York Rangers: Named Anders Hedberg head professional European scout.

Aug 15, 2007
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Mike Weber to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Josef Vasicek, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Named Ron Low assistant coach and Eli Wilson goaltending coach.

Aug 14, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Joe DiPenta to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed a multi-year affiliation agreement with San Antonio of the AHL.
St. Louis Blues: Named Basil McRae part-time amateur scout.

Aug 13, 2007
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Pierre Parenteau to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Rob Daum assistant coach and signed him to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named Mike Kitchen assistant coach; promoted Michael Yormark to president.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Jim O'Brien.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Alex Auld to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Dimitri Patzold to a one-year contract.

Aug 11, 2007
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Kevyn Adams from the Phoenix Coyotes for right wing Radim Vrbata.

Aug 10, 2007
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman James Wisniewski to a one-year contact.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Dave Caruso, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, and left wings Mark Pandolfo and Jason Paige.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Andy Sutton, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Justin Mapletoft to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Chris Murray and center Nate Raduns.

Aug 9, 2007
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed head coach Denis Savard to a contract extension through the 2008-09 season.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Ilja Zubov.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Joel Perrault to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Matt Walker, goaltender Jason Bacashihua and defenseman Jeff Woywitka to one-year contracts, left wing D.J. King to a multi-year contract and centers Mike Glumac and Yan Stastny and left wing Charles Linglet; signed defenseman Alex Brooks, who had been with the New Jersey Devils.

Aug 8, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Karel Pilar, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, and left wing Milan Bartovic.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed goaltender Jordan Sigalet; signed center Zach Hamill and defenseman Sean Curry.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Kyle Brodziak and defenseman Mathieu Roy to two-year contracts; signed left wing Geoff Paukovich to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Reading of the ECHL.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Luke Richardson, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Mike Weaver, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Renewed their affiliation agreement with South Carolina of the ECHL.

Aug 7, 2007
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Kris Beech, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed a two-year affiliation agreement extension with Idaho of the ECHL.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Michael Cammalleri to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Arron Asham, who had been with the New York Islanders.

Aug 6, 2007
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Ryan Craig to a one-year contract.

Aug 3, 2007
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Jakub Voracek, their first-round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Bob Mancini development coach.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Patrice Brisebois, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Trent Hunter to a one-year contract.

Aug 2, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired first- (later traded to Buffalo via Los Angeles; 12th overall), second- (43rd overall, Ducks selected Justin Schultz) and third-round (later traded to the New York Islanders; 73rd overall) picks in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for not matching an offer sheet to left wing Dustin Penner.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Milan Lucic.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Dustin Penner, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a five-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Matt Ellison to a one-year contract; signed a one-year affiliation agreement with Cincinnati of the ECHL.
New York Rangers: Signed center Artem Anisimov.

Aug 1, 2007
Boston Bruins: Named Craig Ramsay and Geoff Ward assistant coaches.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Zach Parise to a multi-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Sean Avery.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired left wing Francois-Pierre Guenette from the Vancouver Canucks in for defenseman Zack Fitzgerald.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Jozef Balej.

Jul 31, 2007
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Nathan Paetsch to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Named Dave Taylor director of player personnel and Brett Hull special advisor to hockey operations.
Nashville Predators: Named Andy Hosler assistant athletic trainer.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Marcel Hossa.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Chris Kelly to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Derek Clancey professional scout and David McNamara amateur scout.

Jul 30, 2007
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Antti Miettinen to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Named Pierre Dorion amateur scout.

Jul 29, 2007
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Michael Ryder to a one-year contract.

Jul 27, 2007
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Derek Roy to a six-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Wade Flaherty and defenseman Prestin Ryan, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks; signed defensemen Jim Fahey, who had been with the New Jersey Devils.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Ryan Lannon to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Alexei Semenov, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Milan Jurcina to a two-year contract.

Jul 26, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Bob Luccini and Phil Horner amateur scouts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Tyler Wright development coach.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Martin Gelinas, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Maxime Ouellet to a one-year contract.

Jul 25, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed center Jim Slater to a multi-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Patrick Kane, their first-round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Named Jeff Kealty chief amateur scout.
New Jersey Devils: Named Larry Robinson, Tommy Albelin and John MacLean assistant coaches and Jacques Caron goaltending coach.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed left wing Boyd Kane to a two-year contract and left wing Riley Cote to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Lee Stempniak to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Doug Janik to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Brooks Laich.

Jul 24, 2007
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed right wings Cam Janssen and Grant Marshall and defenseman Olivier Magnan; signed left wing Noah Clarke, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, and defensemen Ian Moran, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks; signed defenseman Jean-Luc Grand-Pierre.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Ray Emery and defenseman Christoph Schubert to three-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced an affiliation agreement with Wheeling of the ECHL.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wings Tomas Plihal and Craig Valette to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Karl Stewart to a one-year contract.

Jul 23, 2007
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Jeff Hoggan.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Nick Schultz to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Chris Simon to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Promoted Jim Schoenfeld to assistant general manager of player personnel, Cameron Hope to assistant general manager of hockey adminstration, Gordie Clark to director of player personnel, Jim Hammett to head amateur scout and John Rosasco to vice president of public relations and player recruitment.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Claude Giroux, their first-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Ryan Caldwell, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Alain Nasreddine to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired goaltender Hannu Toivonen from the Boston Bruins for center Carl Soderberg.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Juraj Simek.

Jul 20, 2007
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wings Eric Godard and Eric Nystrom, right wing Tomi Maki and goaltender Curtis McElhinney to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Joni Pitkanen to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed right wing John Zeiler to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Matt Murley, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Tim Brent to a one-year contract.

Jul 19, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed center Chris Thorburn and left wing Colin Stuart to multi-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Daniel Paille to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Jonathan Ferland to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender David Aebischer, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, and right wing-defenseman Craig Weller, who had been with the New York Rangers, to one-year contracts; signed defenseman David Schlemko to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Ty Conklin, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Logan Couture, their first-round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center David Steckel to a two-year contract and defenseman Jamie Hunt to a one-year contract.

Jul 18, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed left wing Jason King and defenseman Brett Skinner to one-year contracts; signed left wing Dan LaCouture, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defensemen Jim Vandermeer and Danny Richmond and goaltender Michael Brodeur to one-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Ivan Vishnevskiy, their first-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Derek Boogaard to a multi-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Vern Fiddler to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Brad Treliving assistant general manager and signed him to a multi-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman/left wing Brad Norton, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wings Tom Cavanagh and Mike Iggulden, left wing Riley Armstrong and defenseman-left wing Brennan Evans to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Jeremy Williams to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Derrick Walser, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract and center Alex Foster to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Ryan Shannon and goaltender Drew MacIntyre.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Chris Clark to a three-year contract extension through the 2010-11 season.

Jul 17, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed defenseman Garnet Exelby to a multi-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Matt Cullen from the New York Rangers for defenseman Andrew Hutchinson, center Joe Barnes and a third-round pick (75th overall, Rangers selected Evgeny Grachev) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Mark Rycroft to a one-year contract; signed defensemen Jeff Jillson and Dale Purinton to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Colin McDonald to a two-year contract; signed left wing Ryan Flinn and defensemen T.J. Kemp and T.J. Reynolds to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Thomas Hickey, their first-round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Kurtis Foster to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defensemen Josh Gorges, Jean-Philippe Cote and Andrew Archer, goaltender Yann Danis, right wing Duncan Milroy and center Corey Locke.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Shean Donovan from the Boston Bruins for left wing Peter Schaefer; signed defenseman Matt Kinch.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Tom Fitzgerald director of player development and Jason Botterill director of hockey administration.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Steve Eminger and center Brian Sutherby; signed center Jason Morgan.

Jul 16, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Aaron Rome to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wings Junior Lessard and Marius Holtet to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Matt Ellis to a two-year contract; signed right wing Randall Gelech, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a two-year contract. Signed goaltender Adam Berkhoel, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, right wing Carl Corazzini, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, signed centers Mark Cullen, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, and Mark Hartigan, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, and defensemen Brad Ference, who had been with the Calgary Flames, and Garrett Stafford, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to one-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Michal Repik; re-signed right wing Rob Globke and center Kamil Kreps to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Erik Reitz and right wings Matt Foy, Aaron Voros and Joel Ward to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Greg Zanon to a two-year contract and left wing Darcy Hordichuk and defenseman Kevin Klein to one-year contracts; signed right wing Andreas Thuresson and defenseman Robert Dietrich to three-year contracts.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Chris Campoli to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Matt Jones to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defensemen Mark Ardelan and Deryk Engelland; signed coach Michel Therrien to a contract extension through the 2008-2009 season.
San Jose Sharks:Re-signed defenseman Rob Davison to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Steve Eminger and center Brian Sutherby.

Jul 14, 2007
Boston Bruins: Promoted Jim Benning to assistant general manager and Don Sweeney to director of hockey operations and player development.

Jul 13, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Alexandre Giroux, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a multi-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender Tyler Weiman to a one-year contract; signed left wing Eric Healey, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, and center Matt Hussey, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Named Brent Sutter head coach.
New York Islanders: Named Gerard Gallant and John Chabot assistant coaches.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Lawrence Nycholat to a multi-year contract; signed right wing Niko Dimitrakos, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Bill Thomas and goaltender David LeNeveu to one-year contracts; signed left wing Tomas Surovy to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Jeff Taffe, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, and goaltender John Curry to two-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Paul Ranger to a three-year contract.

Jul 12, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Joe Callahan, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Brandon Segal to a two-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing Jesse Schultz.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Mike Ribeiro to a one-year contract and center Joel Lundqvist to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Sheldon Souray, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a five-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Anton Khudobin.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Aaron Johnson, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Peter Mueller, their first-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed defenseman Brendan Bell to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Nathan Smith, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract. Signed center Chris Minard to two-year contracts; re-signed right wing Colby Armstrong to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Mike Lundin to a two-year contract.

Jul 11, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Eric Boulton.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Dennis Wideman.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Derek MacKenzie, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, and defenseman Dan Smith, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Lubomir Visnovsky to a five-year contract extension; signed right wing Scott Parse to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Josh Harding to a multi-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed goaltender Henrik Lundqvist.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Alex Goligoski.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Simeon Varlamov to a three-year contract.

Jul 10, 2007
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed Curtis Glencross, Steven Goertzen, Joakim Lindstrom and Andrew Murray.
Minnesota Wild: Named Matt Shaw video coach.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Vitaly Vishnevski, who had been with the Nashville Predators.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Sidney Crosby to a five-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Joe Motzko, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a two-year contract.

Jul 9, 2007
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Jeremy Reich and center Matt Hendricks.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Todd Fedoruk, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Dallas Drake, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Darryl Bootland, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Mike York, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, center Joey Tenute, who had been with the Washington Capitals, and left wing John DiSalvatore, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to one-year contracts; re-signed left wing Josh Gratton to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing David Ling to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Kevin Bieksa to a three-year contract extension through 2010-11; signed defenseman Aaron Miller, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings.

Jul 8, 2007
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Joey MacDonald, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract.

Jul 6, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Grant Lewis.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Bobby Allen and left wing Byron Bitz.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Thomas Vanek to a seven-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Brad Winchester and center Toby Petersen, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, and defenseman Trevor Byrne, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender Dominik Hasek to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Sean Hill, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Named John Paddock head coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Dan Jancevski, who had been with the Montrael Canadiens, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Mike Egener to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Scott Clemmensen, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.

Jul 5, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Shane Hnidy, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Jocelyn Thibault, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, and left wing Michael Ryan to one-year contracts; signed left wing Andrew Peters to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Anders Eriksson, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Marek Svatos to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Jan Hejda, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Jiri Hudler to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Allan Rourke and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton, later traded back to the New York Islanders via Anaheim; 73rd overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 53rd overall, Islanders selected Travis Harmonic) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Pierre-Marc Bouchard to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Tomas Plekanec to a two-year contract and center Cory Urquhart and defenseman Mathieu Biron to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Jamie Rivers, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, and defenseman Marvin Degon to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Shane Willis, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, and goaltender Dan Ellis, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to one-year contracts; re-signed Nolan Yonkman to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Kevin Weekes, who had been with the New York Rangers.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Bill Guerin, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a two-year contract and right wing Tim Jackman, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, and center Mike Comrie, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Petr Prucha.
Ottawa Senators: Named Tim Murray assistant general manager and Brent Flahr director of hockey operations.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed centers Maxime Talbot and Erik Christensen to two-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Jame Pollock and center Kyle Wilson.

Jul 4, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Maxim Kondratiev to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Vyacheslav Kozlov to a multi-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Teppo Numminen to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Jarome Iginla and defenseman Robyn Regehr to five-year contract extensions; signed center Grant Stevenson, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Matt Greene to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Tom Kostopoulos, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Ruslan Fedotenko, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the retirement of center Jeremy Roenick.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Bryce Lampman from the New York Rangers for the left wing Mitch Fritz; re-signed Lampman.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Vesa Toskala to a two-year contract extension.

Jul 3, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed left wing Brad May to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Owen Nolan, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Ryan Bayda and defensemen Tim Conboy, J.D. Forrest and Wade Brookbank, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Jiri Novotny, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Mathieu Garon, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Raffi Torres to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Jason LaBarbera to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Brad Stuart, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Nolan Schaefer, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, and center Eric Belanger, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to multi-year contracts; re-signed center Wes Walz to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Chris Mason to a two-year contract extension; re-signed defenseman Ville Koistinen to a one-year contract; signed right wing Ryan Maki to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Dainius Zubrus, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a multi-year contract; signed defenseman Karel Rachunek, who had been with the New York Rangers.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Brian Lee; re-signed right wing Danny Bois to a two-year contract; signed right wing Jim McKenzie to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Carkner, who had been with the Pittsburg Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Dave Brown.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Micki DuPont, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Brad Lukowich, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a three-year contract, defenseman Jay Leach, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract and defenseman David Schneider to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Bates Battaglia to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Lukas Krajicek and center Brad Moran; signed goaltender Cory Schneider; signed center Byron Ritchie, who had been with the Calgary Flames, left wing Brad Isbister, who had been with the New York Rangers, goaltender Curtis Sanford, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, center Greg Classen and left wing Jason Jaffray.

Jul 2, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Todd Bertuzzi, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Ken Klee, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a multi-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jerome Samson to a three-year contract; signed left wing Trevor Gillies, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, defenseman Joey Mormina, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, and right wing Brandon Nolan to one-year contracts; announced the resignation of director of amateur scouting Sheldon Ferguson; named Tony MacDonald director of amateur scouting.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed general manager Dale Tallon to a two-year contract extension; signed center Robert Lang, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract; signed center Jacob Dowell and defenseman Jean-Claude Sawyer.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Ole-Kristian Tollefsen and center Alexander Svitov to two-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Michal Handzus, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, and defenseman Tom Preissing, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to four-year contracts; signed left wing Kyle Calder, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Ladislav Nagy, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Steve Kelly to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Roman Hamrlik, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a four-year contract and center Bryan Smolinski, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Greg de Vries, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, center Radek Bonk, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, and right wing Jed Ortmeyer, who had been with the New York Rangers, to two-year contracts; signed center Mike Santorelli, defenseman Teemu Laakso and goaltender Dov Grumet-Morris.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Jason Strudwick.
Phoenix Coyotes: Bought out the remaining two years on the contract of center Dave Scatchard.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Darryl Sydor, who had been with the Dallas Stars, goaltender Dany Sabourin, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, and right wing Petr Sykora, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers. Re-signed defenseman Ryan Whitney to a six-year contract;  re-signed defenseman Rob Scuderi.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Patrick Traverse to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wings Craig MacDonald, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, and Mathieu Darche, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Bates Battaglia to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Lukas Krajicek to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Michael Nylander, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a four-year contract.

Jul 1, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Mathieu Schneider, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a multi-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wing Pascal Dupuis; Signed centers Todd White, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, and Eric Perrin, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to multi-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Acquired goaltender Manny Fernandez from the Minnesota Wild for right wing Petr Kalus and a fourth-round pick (116th overall, Wild selected Alexander Fallstrom) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. Signed right wing Shawn Thornton, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a multi-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Cory Sarich, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a five-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jeff Hamilton, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Yanic Perreault, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Scott Hannan, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, and left wing Ryan Smyth, who had been with the New York Islanders, to multi-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Sheldon Brookbank, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Sergei Zubov to a one-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Brian Rafalski, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a five-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defensemen Dick Tarnstrom and Denis Grebeshkov to one-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wings Richard Zednik, who had been with the New York Islanders, and Radek Dvorak, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to two-year contracts; signed center Brett McLean, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Jon Sim, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed centers Scott Gomez, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, and Chris Drury, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to multi-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Kimmo Timonen and left wing Scott Hartnell to six-year contracts; signed center Daniel Briere, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to an eight-year contract; acquired defenseman Jason Smith and right wing Joffrey Lupul from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Joni Pitkanen, left wing Geoff Sanderson and a third-round pick (82nd overall, Oilers selected Cameron Abney) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Joe Thornton to a three-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Barret Jackman to a one-year contract; signed left wing Paul Kariya, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Michel Ouellet, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Jason Blake, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a five-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Tom Poti and center Viktor Kozlov, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a multi-year contracts.

Jun 30, 2007
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Adam Mair to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Mikko Koivu and defenseman Martin Skoula to multi-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Scott Nichol to a two-year contract and defenseman Alex Henry to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Keith Tkachuk.

Jun 29, 2007
Florida Panthers: Signed center Jozef Stumpel to a two-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jaroslav Modry and left wing Jeff Giuliano to one-year contracts.

Jun 28, 2007
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Wayne Primeau to a three-year contract and defenseman David Hale to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing David Koci.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Claude Noel assistant coach. Extended the contracts of assistant coaches Gary Agnew, Gord Murphy and Clint Malarchuk.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Mike Rupp.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Jeff Cowan to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 27, 2007
Boston Bruins: Fired assistant general manager Jeff Gorton and amateur scout Daniel Dore.
Phoenix Coyotes: Waived defenseman Nick Boynton and center Kevyn Adams. Fired scouts Gus Badali, Charles Henry, Willy Lindstom, Blair Reid and Evzen Slansky.

Jun 26, 2007
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Matt Hunwick.
Los Angeles Kings: Extended qualifying offers to centers Michael Cammalleri and Matt Ryan, defensemen Peter Harrold and Richard Petiot, right wings Petr Kanko and John Zeiler, and goaltender Jason LaBarbera.
San Jose Sharks: Extended qualifying offers to center/right wing Riley Armstrong, centers Tom Cavanagh, Mike Iggulden, Thomas Plihal and Craig Valette, defenseman Rob Davidson and goaltender Dimitri Patzold.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired left wing Keith Tkachuk and a fourth-round pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft (or third-round pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft) from the Atlanta Thrashers for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Atlanta; 3rd overall, Thrashers selected Zach Bogosian) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; waived left wing Dallas Drake.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Norm Milley to a one-year contract.

Jun 25, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Brandon Segal from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.
Dallas Stars: Made qualifying offers to right wings Marius Holtet, Junior Lessard and Antti Miettinen, left wing Jussi Jokinen, defenseman Vadim Khomitski, and centers Joel Lundqvist and Mike Ribeiro.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Craig Anderson to a two-year contract; made qualifying offers to right wing Rob Globke, defensemen Steve Montador and Noah Welch and centers Stephen Weiss, Kamil Kreps and Janis Sprukts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed goaltender Pekka Rinne to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Jay Harrison to a one-year contract; signed right wing Simon Gamache to a two-year contract.

Jun 23, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defensemen Sean O'Donnell and Kent Huskins to two-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Acquired a second-round pick (35th overall, Bruins selected Tommy Cross) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for second- and third-round picks (38th and 69th overall, Blackhawks selected William Sweatt and Maxime Tanguay) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary; 169th overall, Bruins selected Radim Ostrcil) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for a sixth-round pick (167th overall, Avalanche selected Joel Chouinard) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 116th overall, Flames selected Keith Aulie) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for two fifth-round picks (139th and 147th overall, the latter previously acquired from New Jersey, Sabres selected Bradley Eidsness and Jean-Simon Allard) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 143rd overall, Flames selected Mickey Renaud) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for two sixth-round picks (155th overall, previously acquired from Washington, Avalanche selected Jens Hellgren, and 169th overall, later traded to Boston) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired goaltender Michael Leighton from the Montreal Canadiens for a seventh-round pick (192nd overall, Canadiens selected Scott Kishel) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles; 94th overall, Blue Jackets selected Maxim Mayorov) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for three fifth-round picks (128th overall, 129th overall, previously acquired from Boston and 149th overall, previously acquired from Buffalo, Stars selected Austin Smith, Jamie Benn and Michael Neal) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a fourth-round pick (95th overall, Kings selected Alex Martinez) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for a sixth-round pick (154th overall, Capitals selected Dan Dunn) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (93rd overall, Capitals selected Braden Holtby) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas; 119th overall, Senators selected Derek Grant) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a fifth-round pick (150th overall, Lightning selected Matt Marshall) and two seventh-round picks (183rd overall, previously acquired from Phoenix, and 210th overall, Lightning selected Torrie Jung and Justin Courtnall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina via Pittsburgh and San Jose; 41st overall, Flyers selected Kevin Marshall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 84th overall, Capitals selected Phil Desimone) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (58th overall, Capitals selected Dmitri Kugryshev) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center Tim Brent from the Anaheim Ducks for center Stephen Dixon.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 91st overall, Sharks selected Tyson Sexsmith) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for fourth- (113th overall, Avalanche selected Kent Patterson) and fifth-round (later traded to Calgary; 143rd overall) picks in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 170th overall, Avalanche selected Jonas Holos) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Jimmy Sharrow from the Atlanta Thrashers for right wing Jesse Schultz; acquired right wing Ryan Shannon from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing Jason King and a conditional third-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 22, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired center Chris Thorburn from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a third-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 78th overall, Penguins selected Robert Bortuzzo) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. Signed defenseman Steve McCarthy and left wing Brad Larsen.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Adrian Aucoin and a seventh-round pick (186th overall, Flames selected C.J. Severyn) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for defensemen Andrei Zyuzin and Steve Marr.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Tyler Arnason to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas; 21st overall, Oilers selected Riley Nash) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for first- and second-round picks (30th overall, previously acquired from Anaheim, and 36th overall, Coyotes selected Nick Ross and Joel Gistedt) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. Named Rick Olczyk director of hockey administration and legal affairs.
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Tomas Vokoun from the Nashville Predators for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit; 58th overall, Predators selected Nick Spaling) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and first- and second-round picks (later traded to the New York Islanders; 9th and 40th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired a first-round pick (16th overall, previously acquired from Tampa Bay, Wild selected Colton Gillies) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for first- and second-round picks (19th and 42nd overall, Ducks selected Logan MacMillan and Eric Tangradi) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Dean McAmmond to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Gary Roberts and right wing Mark Recchi to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a first-round pick (9th overall, Sharks selected Logan Couture) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the St. Louis Blues for first- and second-round picks (13th and 44th overall, both previously acquired from Toronto, Blues selected Lars Eller and Aaron Palushaj) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (87th overall, Blues selected Ian Schultz) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo; 28th overall, Sharks selected Nick Petrecki) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina via Pittsburgh, later traded to Philadelphia; 41st overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (57th overall, Capitals selected Eric Mestery) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. Re-signed defenseman Craig Rivet to a four-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired a first-round pick (18th overall, Blues selected Ian Cole) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for first- and third-round picks (the first previously acquired from Atlanta; 24th and 70th overall, Flames selected Mikael Backlund and John Negrin) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired goaltender Vesa Toskala and center Mark Bell from the San Jose Sharks for first- and second-round picks (13th and 44th overall, both later traded to St. Louis) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Nashville; 98th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 21, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Giguere to a multi-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Named Claude Julien head coach.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Nathan Horton to a six-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Shane O'Brien to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Carlo Colaiacovo to a three-year contract.

Jun 20, 2007
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing David Moss.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Scott Walker.

Jun 19, 2007
Florida Panthers: Named Bill O'Flaherty director of pro scouting.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Jerred Smithson to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Connor James to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Jean-Guy Trudel.

Jun 18, 2007
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Brandon Bochenski to a one-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Brent Krahn, right wing Carsen Germyn and center Warren Peters.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Sean Bergenheim to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Fired general manager John Muckler; named Bryan Murray general manager.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Kimmo Timonen and left wing Scott Hartnell from the Nashville Predators for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 23rd overall, Predators selected Jonathon Blum) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; signed Timonen and Hartnell to multi-year contracts.

Jun 16, 2007
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Sergei Samsonov from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Jassen Cullimore and left wing Tony Salmelainen.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Andre Lakos to a one-year contract.

Jun 15, 2007
Boston Bruins: Announced head coach Dave Lewis and associate coach Marc Habscheid will be re-assigned to other positions within the organization.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center/right wing Ben Guite to a two-year contract; signed center Cody McCormick to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Christopher Higgins and defenseman Mike Komisarek to two-year contracts.

Jun 14, 2007
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed general manager Darcy Regier to a two-year contract and head coach Lindy Ruff to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Named Mike Keenan head coach and Jim Playfair associate coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Scott Howson general manager.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Pavel Valentenko to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed goaltender Antero Niittymaki to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Jan Hlavac to a one-year contract.

Jun 13, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed head coach Randy Carlyle to a one-year contract extension through the 2008-09 season.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Scott Parker and defenseman Johnny Boychuk to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Jeff Truitt assistant coach for Springfield of the AHL.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Bryan Allen to a five-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Jari Viuhkola and defensemen Andy Greene and Matthew Corrente.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Chris Gratton from the Florida Panthers for a second-round pick (31st overall, Panthers selected Jacob Markstrom) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 12, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Travis Moen and right wing George Parros to two-year contract extensions.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Andrew Alberts to a multi-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Chris Chelios to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Mats Sundin to a one-year contract.

Jun 11, 2007
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Nick Tarnasky to a two-year contract and right wing Kyle Wanvig to a one-year contract.

Jun 7, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed director of professional scouting Marshall Johnston, professional scouts Claude Larose and Ron Smith and amateur scout Martin Madden to multi-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Stu Barnes to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Niklas Backstrom to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced a one-year affiliation agreement with Mississippi of the ECHL.

Jun 6, 2007
New York Islanders: Announced they are buying out the remaining four years of center Alexei Yashin's contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Joe Mullen and Jack McIlhargey assistant coaches. Named Kjell Samuelsson associate coach and Neil Little goaltending coach for Philadelphia of the AHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Nik Antropov to a two-year contract.

Jun 5, 2007
Los Angeles Kings: Named Michael Futa and Mark Yannetti co-directors of amateur scouting; named Chad Smith strength and conditioning coach.

Jun 4, 2007
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed centers Petri Kontiola and Adam Hobson to three-year contracts; signed defenseman Magnus Johansson.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Matt Ellison from the Philadelphia Flyers for future considerations.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Ron Porter senior consultant.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Taylor Pyatt to a two-year contract.

Jun 3, 2007
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Phillip Gogulla to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Fired conditioning coach Stephane Dube.

Jun 1, 2007
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Matthew Lombardi to a multi-year contract and right wing Marcus Nilson to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Glen Wesley to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Jaroslav Hlinka to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Mikko Maenpaa to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Mattias Ritola and right wing Johan Ryno to three-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Kenndal McArdle, right wing Dan Collins and goaltender Tyler Plante.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Patric Hornqvist, left wings Antti Pihlstrom and Oliver Setzinger, and defensemen Janne Niskala, Richard Stehlik and Alexander Sulzer.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Kaspar Daugavins, defenseman Mattias Karlsson and center Alexander Nikulin.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Josh Beaulieu and goaltender Jeremy Duchesne.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Patrik Berglund, left wing Martin Kariya, right wing Nikolai Lemtyugov, defenseman Jonus Junland, and goaltender Juuso Riksman.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Phil Oreskovic to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Michal Neuvirth to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed goaltender Ondrej Pavelec, defenseman Chad Denny, right wing Tomas Pospisil and left wing Myles Stoesz.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Mikko Lehtonen and center Vladimir Sobotka.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed goaltender Cam Ward to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Glen Wesley.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Niklas Hjalmarsson to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed a one-year affiliation agreement with Stockton of the ECHL.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Vladimir Dravecky to a multi-year contract; signed goaltender Erik Ersberg to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Ryan Russell from the New York Rangers for a seventh-round pick (193rd overall, Rangers selected David Skokan) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; signed Russell to a three-year contract. Signed left wing Janne Lahti to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Mike Sullivan assistant coach. Signed goaltender Riku Helenius and center Chris Lawrence to three-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Sami Lepisto to a two-year contract.

May 30, 2007
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Dustin Kohn to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Martin Hanzal to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Mario Bliznak. Extended their affiliation agreement with Victoria of the ECHL through the 2007-08 season.

May 29, 2007
Minnesota Wild: Named Kevin Constantine head coach of Houston of the AHL.
New York Islanders: Announced the resignation of vice president of sports properties Mike Milbury.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Don Maloney general manager and signed him to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Tim Wallace to a two-year contract.

May 28, 2007
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Andrei Markov to a four-year contract.

May 27, 2007
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Cal Clutterbuck to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Sergei Kostitsyn to a three-year contract.

May 25, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Jonas Hiller to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Announced the relocation of their AHL affiliate franchise from Omaha, Nebraska to the Quad Cities of western Illinois and eastern Iowa.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Kirill Starkov to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Promoted Luc Robitaille to president of business operations.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Jonathan D'Aversa to a three-year contract.

May 24, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed general manager-coach Tom Rowe and assistant coach Geordie Kinnear of Albany of the AHL to multi-year contracts.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Andrew MacDonald to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Darroll Powe.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Fired associate coach Craig Ramsay.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Nikolai Kulemin to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Ryan Kesler to a three-year contract.

May 23, 2007
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defensemen Jordan Leopold, Kurt Sauer and Jeff Finger; signed right wing David Jones.
St. Louis Blues: Signed centers Nicholas Drazenovic and Tomas Kana, right wing Ryan Reaves and defenseman Alexander Hellstrom.

May 22, 2007
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Patrik Hersley.
New York Islanders: Announced an affiliation agreement with Utah of the ECHL.

May 21, 2007
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Sean Bentivoglio to a three-year contract; named Pat Bingham assistant coach for Bridgeport of the AHL.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Brodie Dupont.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Nicklas Backstrom to a three-year contract.

May 19, 2007
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed goaltender Johan Holmqvist to a one-year contract.

May 18, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jakub Petruzalek to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced that Trenton of the ECHL will change its nickname to Devils.

May 17, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Casey Borer to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed director of pro scouting Ken Morrow to a multi-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Lasse Kukkonen to a two-year contract.

May 16, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Andrew Ebbett to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Adam McQuaid from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Dallas; 129th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; signed defenseman Adam McQuaid to a multi-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Jonathan Toews to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Andreas Karlsson to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Anton Stralman to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Nicklas Backstrom to a three-year contract.

May 15, 2007
Chicago Blackhawks: Named John Torchetti assistant coach; signed center Evan Brophey to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Tom Wandell.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Geoff Ward head coach of Springfield of the AHL.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Morten Madsen.

May 14, 2007
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Theo Peckman to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Matt Kassian to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed left wing Ben Eager to a two-year contract.

May 11, 2007
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Scottie Upshall to a two-year contract.

May 10, 2007
St. Louis Blues: Extended the contracts of assistant coaches Ray Bennett, Rick Wamsley and Brad Shaw and video coach Scott Masters; announced it has extended the contracts of coach Dave Baseggio and assistant coach Brent Thompson of Peoria of the AHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Alexei Ponikarovsky to a three-year contract extension.

May 9, 2007
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Igor Grigorenko to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Jason Ward to a two-year contract.

May 8, 2007
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Codey Burkey to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Brady Murray to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Mathieu Carle to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Wade Dubielewicz to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Ian White to a three-year contract.

May 7, 2007
Colorado Avalanche: Named Joe Sacco coach and Sylvain Lefebvre assistant coach for Lake Erie of the AHL.

May 5, 2007
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Tuukka Rask to a multi-year contract.

May 4, 2007
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Kirk Maltby to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Exercised their 2007-08 option on the contract of head coach Barry Trotz.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Patrick McNeill.

May 3, 2007
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Steve Mason.

May 2, 2007
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Andrew Cogliano.

May 1, 2007
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Kyrs Barch to a one-year contract.

Apr 30, 2007
New York Islanders: Named Jack Capuano coach for Bridgeport of the AHL.

Apr 27, 2007
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Teddy Purcell.

Apr 26, 2007
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Hannu Toivonen to a one-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Boyd Devereaux to a two-year contract.

Apr 24, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Announced the retirement of right wing Scott Mellanby.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Trent Whitfield.

Apr 23, 2007
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Jamie McGinn and right wing Mike Morris.

Apr 20, 2007
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Colton Orr, center Ryan Hollweg and defenseman Thomas Pock to contract extensions; signed defenseman Bobby Sanguinetti to a multi-year contract.

Apr 19, 2007
Columbus Blue Jackets: Fired president and general manager Doug MacLean.

Apr 17, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed general manager Jim Rutherford to a five-year contract.

Apr 16, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Greg Stefan assistant coach and goaltending coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center/defenseman Brian Boyle to a two-year contract.

Apr 13, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Ray Whitney to a three-year contract.

Apr 12, 2007
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Jan Mursak to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Derek A. Smith to a two-year contract.

Apr 11, 2007
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Raymond Macias and center T.J. Hensick to three-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Chris Phillips to a four-year contract.

Apr 10, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Bobby Hughes to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Carey Price to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the resignation of associate coach Barry Smith.

Apr 9, 2007
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Joe Sakic to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Marc-Andre Cliche to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Anton Volchenkov to a three-year contract.

Apr 7, 2007
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wings Derek Dorsett and Jared Boll to three-year contracts.

Apr 6, 2007
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Pavel Datsyuk to a seven-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Vladmir Mihalik.

Apr 4, 2007
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Cory Emmerton to a three-year contract.

Apr 3, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Nicolas Blanchard to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Chris Stewart to a three-year contract.

Apr 2, 2007
New Jersey Devils: Fired coach Claude Julien; named general manager Lou Lamoriello coach.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Trevor Smith to a two-year contract.

Mar 30, 2007
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Jon Quick to a multi-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Shawn Weller.

Mar 29, 2007
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed a multi-year affiliation agreement with Norfolk of the AHL.

Mar 28, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Ryan Dingle to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Andrew Joudrey to a two-year contract.

Mar 27, 2007
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jack Johnson to a multi-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed goaltender Martin Biron to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Sean Sullivan to a multi-year contract.

Mar 26, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Noah Babin to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Richard Clune to a three-year contract.

Mar 24, 2007
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Darcy Campbell to a two-year contract.

Mar 22, 2007
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Kris Newbury to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 21, 2007
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Joe Piskula.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Brian Elliott and left wing Nick Foligno.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Steve Wagner to a two-year contract.

Mar 20, 2007
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Reid Cashman to a one-year contract.

Mar 19, 2007
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the transfer of their AHL affiliate from Norfolk to Rockford, effective for the 2007-08 season.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Jon Landry to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Matt Niskanen to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Tomas Kopecky to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced a three-year affiliation agreement with Springfield of the AHL, effective for the 2007-08 season.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Jason Strudwick.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced they will terminate their player loan and working agreement with Springfield of the AHL at the end of the season.

Mar 18, 2007
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Raitis Ivanans to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Sean Collins to a two-year contract.

Mar 16, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Bobby Bolt to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Kevin Westgarth to a multi-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Travis Morin and right wing Steve Pinizzotto to two-year contracts.

Mar 15, 2007
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Kyle Greentree and center Jonathan Matsumoto.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Alex Leavitt to a multi-year contract.

Mar 14, 2007
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed general manager Paul Holmgren to a two-year contract extension through the 2008-09 season.

Mar 12, 2007
New York Rangers: Signed center Tom Pyatt.

Mar 8, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed left wing Chris Kunitz to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing T.J. Fox to a two-year contract.

Mar 5, 2007
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced that defenseman Karel Pilar has signed a contract with Toronto of the AHL.

Feb 28, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Brad May from the Colorado Avalanche for goaltender Michael Wall.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired left wing Pascal Dupuis and a third-round pick (later traded to Pittsburgh; 78th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for right wing Alex Bourret; claimed center Jason Krog off waivers from the New York Rangers.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Aaron Ward from the New York Rangers for defenseman Paul Mara.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired goaltender Ty Conklin from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Dallas; 149th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Dainius Zubrus and defenseman Timo Helbling from the Washington Capitals for center Jiri Novotny and a first-round pick (later traded to San Jose; 28th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Mikko Lehtonen from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick (119th overall, Predators selected Mark Santorelli) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman David Hale from the New Jersey Devils and a fifth-round pick (later traded to Buffalo; 147th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft for a third-round pick (79th overall, Devils selected Nick Palmieri) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired right wing Scott Parker from the San Jose Sharks for a sixth-round pick (later traded back to Colorado; 170th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed goaltender Brian Boucher off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Mattias Norstrom, right wing Konstantin Pushkarev and third- (64th overall, Stars selected Sergei Korostin) and fourth-round (later traded to Columbus; 94th overall) picks in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for defensemen Jaroslav Modry and Johan Fransson, second- and third-round picks (52nd and 82nd overall, Kings selected Oscar Moller and Bryan Cameron) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a first-round pick (later traded to Phoenix via Anaheim; 28th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired right wing Todd Bertuzzi from the Florida Panthers for center Shawn Matthias and a second-round pick (later traded to Nashville; 58th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft (The conditional pick was dependant on Detroit's playoff performance. It was to be a third-rounder if Bertuzzi played in two-thirds of Detroit's playoff games, a second-rounder if Detroit reached the Western Conference Final and Bertuzzi appeared in two-thirds of Detroit's playoff games, a first-rounder if a) Detroit advanced to the Western Conference Final and Bertuzzi played in two-thirds of Detroit's playoff games and was among Detroit's top-five scorers or b) Detroit advanced to the Stanley Cup Final and Bertuzzi appeared in two-thirds of Detroit's playoff games.) and a conditional pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft (if Bertuzzi re-signs with Detroit).
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Jamie Heward from the Washington Capitals for a conditional pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Dominic Moore from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a third-round pick (80th overall, Penguins selected Casey Pierro-Zabotel) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Aaron Voros from the New Jersey Devils for a seventh-round pick (205th overall, Devils selected Jean-Sebastien Berube) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed goaltender Michael Leighton off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.
New York Islanders: Acquired left wing Ryan Smyth from the Edmonton Oilers for center Ryan O'Marra, right wing Robert Nilsson and a first-round pick (15th overall, Oilers selected Alex Plante) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Oleg Saprykin and a seventh-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 183rd overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for a second-round pick (later traded back to Phoenix via Florida; 49th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired goaltender Martin Biron from the Buffalo Sabres for a second-round pick (31st overall, Sabres selected T.J. Brennan) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; claimed left wing Denis Hamel off waivers from the Atlanta Thrashers.
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed center Niko Kapanen off waivers from the Atlanta Thrashers; re-signed center Kevyn Adams to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Gary Roberts and defenseman Joel Kwiatkowski from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Noah Welch and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 101st overall, Panthers selected Matt Rust) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Georges Laraque from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Dan Carcillo and a third-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers; 90th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Nolan Schaefer from the San Jose Sharks for a seventh-round pick (201st overall, Sharks selected Justin Braun) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired right wing Bill Guerin from the St. Louis Blues for left wing Ville Nieminen, right wing Jay Barriball and a first-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 26th overall, Blues selected David Perron) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Brad Boyes from the Boston Bruins for defenseman Dennis Wideman. Signed right wing Jamal Mayers to a three-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired right wing Jason Ward from the Los Angeles Kings for a fifth-round pick (137th overall, Kings selected Joshua Turnbull) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Karl Stewart and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 160th overall, Lightning selected Luke Witkowski) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Nikita Alexeev; acquired defenseman Joe Rullier from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Doug O'Brien.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Yanic Perreault and a fifth-round pick (129th overall, Maple Leafs selected Joel Champagne) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for defenseman Brendan Bell and a second-round pick (later traded to Nashville; 38th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Darcy Tucker to a multi-year contract extension.

Feb 26, 2007
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Kyle Calder from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Lasse Kukkonen and a third-round pick (66th overall, Flyers selected Garrett Klotz) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired left wing Kyle Calder from the Chicago Blackhawks for center Jason Williams.
Montreal Canadiens: Waived right wing Aaron Downey.
New York Islanders: Acquired right wing Richard Zednik from the Washington Capitals for a second-round pick (46th overall, Capitals selected Ted Ruth) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Lawrence Nycholat from the Washington Capitals for defenseman Andy Hedlund and a sixth-round pick (180th overall, Capitals selected Justin Taylor) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Bryan Smolinski from the Chicago Blackhawks for a second-round pick (56th overall, Blackhawks selected Akim Aliu) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Brent Sopel from the Los Angeles Kings for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 61st overall, Kings selected Wayne Simmonds) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Buffalo; 101st overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. Waived center Marc Chouinard.

Feb 25, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired left wing Keith Tkachuk from the St. Louis Blues for center Glen Metropolit, first- (later traded to Calgary; 24th overall) and third-round (85th overall, Blues selected Brett Sonne)picks in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, a first-round pick (later traded back to Atlanta) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Craig Rivet and fifth-round pick (146th overall, Sharks selected Julien Demers) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Josh Gorges and a first-round pick (22nd overall, Canadiens selected Max Pacioretty) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 24, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Alexei Zhitnik from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Braydon Coburn.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Marco Sturm to a multi-year contract extension; claimed goaltender Joey MacDonald off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.
Dallas Stars: Claimed defenseman Nolan Baumgartner off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Shane O'Brien and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 91st overall, Lightning selected Luca Cunti) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for goaltender Gerald Coleman and a first-round pick (later traded to Minnesota; 16th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 23, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Mike Hoffman to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Anson Carter from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fifth-round pick (135th overall, Blue Jackets selected Tomas Kubalik) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Shane Endicott from the Anaheim Ducks for future considerations.
San Jose Sharks: Voided the trade that sent a conditional third-round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft to the New Jersey Devils for left wing Alexander Korolyuk.

Feb 18, 2007
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing John Zeiler to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Marc-Andre Bergeron and a third-round pick (later traded back to the New York Islanders via Edmonton and Anaheim; 73rd overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Denis Grebeshkov.

Feb 17, 2007
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Tomas Holmstrom to a three-year contract.

Feb 16, 2007
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Mikael Tellqvist and center Mike Zigomanis to two-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Alexander Korolyuk from the New Jersey Devils for a conditional third-round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 15, 2007
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Peter Forsberg from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Scottie Upshall, defenseman Ryan Parent and first- (later traded back to Nashville; 23rd overall) and third-round picks (later traded to Washington; 84th overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft; extended their affiliation agreement with Milwaukee of the AHL through the 2009-10 season.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Shane Doan to a five-year contract.

Feb 13, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Lifted the suspension of defenseman Anton Babchuk, allowing him to report immediately to Albany of the AHL.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Sami Kapanen to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Donald Brashear to a one-year contract.

Feb 12, 2007
Dallas Stars: Acquired left wing Ladislav Nagy from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Mathias Tjarnqvist and a first-round pick (later traded to Edmonton; 21st overall) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 10, 2007
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Brad Stuart, center Wayne Primeau and a conditional fourth-round pick (dependent on Stuart's re-signing in Calgary; previously acquired from Washington; 114th overall, Flames selected TJ Brodie) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft from the Boston Bruins for defenseman Andrew Ference and right wing Chuck Kobasew.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Vitali Vishnevski from the Atlanta Thrashers for center Eric Belanger.

Feb 9, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Josef Vasicek from the Nashville Predators for center Eric Belanger.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Pascal Dupuis from the Minnesota Wild for right wing Adam Hall.

Feb 7, 2007
Carolina Hurricanes: Suspended defenseman Anton Babchuk indefinitely for refusing to report to Albany of the AHL.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Mike Smith to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 6, 2007
Montreal Canadiens: Waived left wing Sergei Samsonov.

Feb 5, 2007
Dallas Stars: Waived left wing Mathias Tjarnqvist.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired right wings Jason Ward and Marc-Andre Cliche and center Jan Marek from the New York Rangers for left wings Sean Avery and John Seymour and a conditional fourth-round pick (dependent on the re-signing of Jan Marek; later traded to Buffalo; 81st overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 3, 2007
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Brandon Bochenski from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Kris Versteeg and a conditional fifth-round pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft (dependant on games played by Bochenski in 2006-07 and 2007-08).

Feb 1, 2007
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Andy Delmore and right wing Andre Deveaux from the Tampa Bay Lightning for right wings Kyle Wanvig and Stephen Baby.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Milan Jurcina from the Boston Bruins for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Calgary; 114th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 29, 2007
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Craig Conroy from the Los Angeles Kings for center Jamie Lundmark, a fourth-round pick (109th overall, Kings selected Dwight King) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded back to Calgary; 48th overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 26, 2007
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Zenon Konopka, left wing Curtis Glencross and a seventh-round pick (211th overall, Blue Jackets selected Trent Vogelhuber) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for center Mark Hartigan, right wing Joe Motzko and a fourth-round pick (98th overall, Ducks selected Sebastian Stefanszin) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 20, 2007
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Ryan Munce from the Los Angeles Kings for a fourth-round pick (later traded to San Jose; 92nd overall) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 16, 2007
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Yan Stastny from the Boston Bruins for a fifth-round pick (130th overall, Bruins selected Denis Reul) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 12, 2007
New York Rangers: Claimed center Jason Krog off waivers from the Atlanta Thrashers.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Brent Johnson to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 11, 2007
Philadelphia Flyers: Claimed goaltender Michael Leighton off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Jan 10, 2007
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed center Travis Green off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Jan 8, 2007
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Kevyn Adams from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Dennis Seidenberg.

Jan 5, 2007
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Matt Koalska from the New York Islanders for defenseman Tomas Malec.

Jan 3, 2007
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Ric Jackman from the Florida Panthers for a sixth-round pick (181st overall, Panthers selected Corey Syvret) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Viatcheslav Trukhno to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Mike Comrie from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Alexei Kaigorodov.

Jan 2, 2007
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Kevin Lalande.
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed center Petr Nedved off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.

Jan 1, 2007
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Charles Linglet.

