Dec 4, 2019
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed center Nick Shore off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Dec 3, 2019
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of center Matt Stajan.

Dec 2, 2019
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Stefan Noesen to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired center Chandler Stephenson from the Washington Capitals for a fifth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.

Nov 30, 2019
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired goaltender Eric Comrie from the Arizona Coyotes for defenseman Vili Saarijarvi.

Nov 27, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Brayden Tracey to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Charlie Coyle to a six-year contract extension; signed right wing Chris Wagner to a three-year contract extension.

Nov 24, 2019
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Matt Spencer from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Devante Stephens.

Nov 21, 2019
Los Angeles Kings: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Mario Kempe.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Troy Brouwer to a one-year contract.

Nov 20, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Joseph Cramarossa from the Pittsburgh Penguins for left wing Graham Knott.

Nov 16, 2019
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Peyton Krebs to a three-year contract.

Nov 12, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Announced the retirement of defenseman Vince Pedrie.

Nov 11, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with goaltender Erik Kallgren.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Alec Regula to a three-year contract.

Nov 8, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Alex Lintuniemi.

Nov 6, 2019
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired left wing Robby Fabbri from the St. Louis Blues for center Jacob de la Rose.

Nov 1, 2019
New Jersey Devils: Acquired goaltender Louis Domingue from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.

Oct 31, 2019
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Austin Watson to a three-year contract extension.

Oct 29, 2019
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Roman Josi to an eight-year contract extension.

Oct 28, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Alec Regula from the Detroit Red Wings for right wing Brendan Perlini.

Oct 26, 2019
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Jack Rodewald from the Ottawa Senators for right wing Christopher Wilkie.

Oct 25, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Erik Gudbranson from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Andreas Martinsen and a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of defenseman Dennis Seidenberg.

Oct 24, 2019
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Dillon Hamaliuk to a three-year contract.

Oct 23, 2019
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Aleksi Saarela from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Ian McCoshen.
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed defenseman Luca Sbisa off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Oct 22, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Luca Sbisa to a one-year contract.

Oct 21, 2019
Nashville Predators: Signed center Philip Tomasino to a three-year contract.

Oct 20, 2019
Florida Panthers: Signed center Brian Boyle to a one-year contract.

Oct 19, 2019
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Egor Afanasysev to a three-year contract.

Oct 18, 2019
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Nico Hischier to a seven-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of right wing Chris Thorburn.

Oct 17, 2019
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Mathias Laferriere to a three-year contract.

Oct 15, 2019
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Chris Stewart to a one-year contract.

Oct 8, 2019
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Matthew Robertson to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Patrick Marleau to a one-year contract.

Oct 7, 2019
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Vladislav Namestnikov from the New York Rangers for defenseman Nick Ebert and a fourth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced the retirement of goaltender Michael Leighton.

Oct 6, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Benoit-Olivier Groulx to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Alex Biega from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing David Pope.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Joe Morrow to a one-year contract.

Oct 4, 2019
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Brayden Schenn to an eight-year contract extension.

Oct 3, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Alex DeBrincat to a three-year contract extension.

Oct 2, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Darcy Kuemper to a two-year contract extension; claimed goaltender Eric Comrie off waivers from the Winnipeg Jets.
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of right wing Lee Stempniak.
Florida Panthers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Gustav Bouramman.
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of center Scott Eansor.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Micheal Haley to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed defenseman Carl Dahlstrom off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.

Sep 29, 2019
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Tobias Rieder, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; signed center Zac Rinaldo, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.

Sep 28, 2019
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Mikko Rantanen to a six-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed left wing Kyle Connor to a seven-year contract.

Sep 27, 2019
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Antoine Bibeau from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Nicolas Meloche.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Scott Sabourin to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed left wing Patrik Laine to a two-year contract.

Sep 26, 2019
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Alex Petrovic, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Dawson Barteaux to a three-year contract.

Sep 25, 2019
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Matthew Tkachuk to a three-year contract.

Sep 24, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Joel Edmundson, left wing Dominik Bokk and a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Justin Faulk and a fifth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Justin Faulk to a seven-year contract extension.

Sep 23, 2019
Calgary Flames: Signed center Jakob Pelletier to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Thomas Harley to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Brayden Point to a three-year contract.

Sep 22, 2019
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of defenseman Eric Gryba.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Samuel Poulin to a three-year contract.

Sep 20, 2019
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Anthony DeAngelo to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Nathan Legare to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of defenseman Dan Girardi.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Brayden Pachal to a three-year contract.

Sep 19, 2019
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Thomas Chabot to an eight-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Nicholas Robertson to a three-year contract.

Sep 18, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Ryan Suzuki to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Ben Hutton, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks to a one-year contract.

Sep 17, 2019
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Brandon Carlo to two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Fredrik Claesson, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.

Sep 16, 2019
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Travis Konecny to a six-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Brock Boeser to a three-year contract.

Sep 15, 2019
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Charlie McAvoy to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Andrew Mangiapane to a one-year contract.

Sep 14, 2019
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Jared Spurgeon to a seven-year contract extension.

Sep 13, 2019
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of center Kyle Brodziak.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Vladislav Kolyachonok to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed right wing Mitch Marner to a six-year contract.

Sep 12, 2019
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Ivan Provorov to a six-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Marcus Pettersson to a one-year contract; announced the retirement of defenseman Zachary Lauzon.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Josh Morrissey to an eight-year contract extension.

Sep 11, 2019
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Michael Stone to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Kevin Fiala to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Brendan Lemieux to a one-year contract.

Sep 10, 2019
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Pavel Zacha to a three-year contract.

Sep 8, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Zach Werenski to a three-year contract.

Sep 7, 2019
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed goaltender Jack Campbell to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed goaltender Eric Comrie to a two-year contract.

Sep 6, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Jake Gardiner, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a four-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Brendan Perlini to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Joe Thornton to a one-year contract.

Sep 5, 2019
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Riley Sheahan, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed defenseman Jimmy Schuldt to a one-year contract.

Sep 4, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Clayton Keller to an eight-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Roland McKeown to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Adrian Kempe to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Nikolay Goldobin to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Announced the retirement of center Jim Slater.

Sep 3, 2019
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of defenseman Niklas Kronwall.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Louie Belpedio to a one-year contract.

Sep 1, 2019
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Ivan Barbashev to a two-year contract.

Aug 29, 2019
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of defenseman Ben Lovejoy.

Aug 28, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of goaltender Cam Ward.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of center Cody Bass.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Anthony Beauvillier to a two-year contract.

Aug 27, 2019
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of goaltender Mike McKenna.

Aug 26, 2019
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Denis Malgin to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of center Bracken Kearns.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Gabriel Bourque, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.

Aug 24, 2019
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Pat Maroon, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.

Aug 23, 2019
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Gustav Bouramman from the Minnesota Wild for future considerations.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Arturs Silovs to a three-year contract.

Aug 21, 2019
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Joel Eriksson Ek to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Derick Brassard, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Colin White to a six-year contract.

Aug 19, 2019
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Valeri Nichushkin, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Michael Dal Colle to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Joshua Ho-Sang to a one-year contract.

Aug 17, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Chase Priskie to a two-year contract.

Aug 14, 2019
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired left wing Adam Erne from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a fourth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft; signed left wing Adam Erne to a one-year contract.

Aug 13, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Announced the retirement of left wing Tomas Surovy.
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of defenseman Kevin Dallman.
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of left wing Kim Staal.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Philip Holm to a one-year contract.

Aug 9, 2019
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Hunter Warner to a one-year contract.

Aug 8, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Marko Dano, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman John Marino to a two-year contract.

Aug 6, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed goaltender Anton Forsberg to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Rocco Grimaldi to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Trevor Carrick from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Kyle Wood; signed defenseman Trevor Carrick to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Joel Edmundson to a one-year contract.

Aug 5, 2019
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.

Aug 3, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Adin Hill to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Jake McCabe to a two-year contract; re-signed goaltender Linus Ullmark to a one-year contract.

Aug 2, 2019
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of right wing Zack Stortini.

Aug 1, 2019
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Remi Elie to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Bought out the contract of defenseman Michael Stone.
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of left wing Andreas Nodl.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing A.J. Greer to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of right wing Stephen Gionta.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Nikita Alexandrov to a three-year contract.

Jul 31, 2019
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Samuel Girard to a seven-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of center Travis Morin.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of center Wade Megan.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Will Butcher to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Marcus Kallionkieli to a three-year contract.

Jul 30, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of left wing Chris Kunitz.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Vladislav Kamenev to a one-year contract.	
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Mike Condon and a sixth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for right wing Ryan Callahan and a fifth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.

Jul 29, 2019
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Nikita Gusev from the Vegas Golden Knights for a third-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft; signed left wing Nikita Gusev to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Andrei Vasilevskiy to an eight-year contract extension.

Jul 27, 2019
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender David Rittich to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Michael McCarron to a one-year contract.

Jul 26, 2019
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Dominic Turgeon to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Pavel Buchnevich to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman John Marino from the Edmonton Oilers for a conditional sixth-round pick (if Marino signs an entry-level contract or the Penguins trade him to another team prior to the 2021 NHL Draft) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Chandler Stephenson to a one-year contract.

Jul 25, 2019
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Evan Rodrigues to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Max McCormick, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Sheldon Dries to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Jordan Schmaltz from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Andreas Borgman.

Jul 24, 2019
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Sam Bennett to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Vinni Lettieri to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wings Pontus Aberg and Garrett Wilson, and centers Tyler Gaudet and Kalle Kossila to one-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Christian Djoos to a one-year contract.

Jul 23, 2019
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Anton Lindholm to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Colton Sissons to a seven-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing David Clarkson and a fourth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Vegas Golden Knights for goaltender Garret Sparks.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed defenseman Deryk Engelland to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed center Andrew Copp to a two-year contract.

Jul 22, 2019
Boston Bruins: Signed center Pavel Shen to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of center Evan McGrath.
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of goaltender Niklas Backstrom.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defensemen Ian McCoshen and MacKenzie Weegar to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of left wing Kevin Henderson.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Mirco Mueller to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Zach Aston-Reese to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of right wing Brandon Bochenski.

Jul 21, 2019
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Oskar Sundqvist to a four-year contract; re-signed goaltender Ville Husso to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Neal Pionk to a two-year contract.

Jul 20, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Brock McGinn to a two-year contract.

Jul 19, 2019
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Bowen Byram to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing James Neal from the Calgary Flames for left wing Milan Lucic and a conditional third-round pick (if Neal scores 21 goals and Lucic scores at least 10 fewer goals than Neal in the 2019-20 season) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Charles Hudon to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Jacob Trouba to a seven-year contract.

Jul 18, 2019
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Phillip Di Giuseppe to a one-year contract.

Jul 17, 2019
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing J.T. Compher to a four-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Joe Hicketts to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing Dryden Hunt and defenseman Thomas Schemitsch to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Dominik Masin to a one-year contract.

Jul 16, 2019
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Ryan Lomberg and defenseman Rinat Valiev to one-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defensemen Haydn Fleury and Gustav Forsling to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Ryan MacInnis to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Josh Archibald to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed goaltender Cal Petersen to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Ryan Donato to a two-year contract; re-signed center Nico Sturm and defenseman Carson Soucy to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Connor Carrick to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Artem Anisimov from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Zack Smith.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Nicolas Aube-Kubel to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Teddy Blueger to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Ben Thomas to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed defenseman Jake Bischoff to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Jakub Vrana to a two-year contract.

Jul 15, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Chris Wideman to a one-year contract; re-signed center Justin Kloos to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Dysin Mayo to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Dylan Cozens to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Clark Bishop to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Andre Burakovsky to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Sonny Milano to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wings Anthony Greco and Jayce Hawryluk, goaltender Sam Montembeault, and center Dominic Toninato to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defensemen Matt Roy and Daniel Brickley, and center Michael Amadio to two-year contracts; re-signed right wing Sheldon Rempal to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Josh Jacobs and left wing Brandon Baddock to one-year contracts.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Simon Holmstrom to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Lassi Thomson to a three-year contract; re-signed left wing Michael Carcone to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Ville Heinola to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Nelson Nogier to a one-year contract.

Jul 14, 2019
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Moritz Seider to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Tobias Bjornfot to a three-year contract.

Jul 13, 2019
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Jordan Binnington to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Colby Williams to a one-year contract.

Jul 12, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Chase De Leo to a one-year contract. 
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Johan Larsson to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Ryan Dzingel, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Jack Hughes to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Scott Laughton to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Adam Johnson to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Dakota Joshua from the Toronto Maple Leafs for future considerations; re-signed defenseman Mitch Reinke and left wing Robby Fabbri to one-year contracts; signed center Dakota Joshua to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Connor McMichael to a three-year contract.

Jul 11, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Michael Del Zotto, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Jason Dickinson to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Samuel Fagemo to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Joel Armia and left wing Artturi Lehkonen to two-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Kaapo Kakko to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Antti Suomela to a one-year contract; re-signed center Dylan Gambrell and defenseman Nick DeSimone to two-year contracts; re-signed defenseman Kyle Wood and center Maxim Letunov to one-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Brett Leason to a three-year contract.

Jul 10, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Justin Scott to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Alex Iafallo to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of center Matt Cullen.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Micheal Ferland, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a four-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Alexei Protas to a three-year contract.

Jul 9, 2019
Boston Bruins: Signed center Danton Heinen to a two-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Henri Jokiharju from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Alexander Nylander.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Dillon Heatherington to a one-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Jared Coreau, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defensemen Josh Teves and Brogan Rafferty to two-year contract extensions; signed center Reid Boucher to a one-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Malcolm Subban to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 8, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Kirby Dach to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Ryan Graves to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Gavin Bayreuther to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Jake Massie to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Kevin Labanc to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Zach Sanford to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Francis Perron to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 7, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Victor Soderstrom to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Sebastian Aho to a five-year contract extension, matching an offer sheet filed by the Montreal Canadiens.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Gemel Smith, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.

Jul 6, 2019
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Peter Cehlarik to a one-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Marcus Johansson, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract.

Jul 5, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wings Andreas Martinsen, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Kevin Roy, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Michael Bunting to a two-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Zemgus Girgensos to a one-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Nikita Zadorov to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Scott Harrington to a three-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Mario Kempe, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Nick Cousins, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Cedric Paquette to a two-year contract extension; signed center Carter Verhaeghe to a one-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of center Colin Greening.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Josh Leivo to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 4, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Hudson Fasching to a two-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Brian Gibbons, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Philip Broberg to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Kevin Roy, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Ben Chiarot, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Christian Wolanin to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Danick Martel to a one-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Cody Ceci to a one-year contract extension; signed center Alexander Kerfoot to a four-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Justin Bailey, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.

Jul 3, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Jani Hakanpaa to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Philip Varone, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of defenseman Chris Butler.

Jul 2, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Anthony Stolarz, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract; signed center Andrew Poturalski, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed center Blake Pietila, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Lawson Crouse to a three-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing C.J. Smith to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Joel Lowry to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Philippe Desrosiers, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Nicholas Paul to a one-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Joseph Blandisi to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Jonny Brodzinski, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; signed defensemen Nikolai Knyzhov and Artemi Knyazev to three-year contracts; signed center Zachary Gallant to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Tyler Motte to a one-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Mark Letestu, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Anthony Bitetto, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.

Jul 1, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Ivan Prosvetov to a three-year contract; signed center Andy Miele to two-year contract; signed defenseman Aaron Ness, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Beau Bennett to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Maxime Lagace, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Connor Clifton to a three-year contract extension; signed left wing Par Lindholm, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Brett Ritchie, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Brendan Gaunce, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract; signed center Ryan Fitzgerald to a one-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Jimmy Vesey from the New York Rangers for a third-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft; signed center Jean-Sebastien Dea, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Andrew Hammond, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed center Curtis Lazar, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman John Gilmour, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Cam Talbot, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to one-year contract; signed defenseman Brandon Davidson, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract; signed center Byron Froese, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Justin Kirkland, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Petr Mrazek to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Alex Lintuniemi, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Robin Lehner, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Ryan Carpenter, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a three-year contract; signed center David Kampf to a two-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Joonas Donskoi, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a four-year contract; signed left wing Pierre-Edouard Bellemare, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Colin Wilson to a one-year contract extension; signed right wing Jayson Megna, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Daniel Renouf, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract; signed center T.J. Tynan, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Gustav Nyquist, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Joonas Korpisalo to a one-year contract extension; signed defenseman Ryan Murray to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Joe Pavelski, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Andrej Sekera, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Corey Perry, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; signed center Tanner Kero, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Reece Scarlett and goaltender Landon Bow to one-year contract extensions.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Valtteri Filppula, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Patrik Nemeth, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Calvin Pickard, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Mike Smith, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Alex Chiasson to a two-year contract extension; signed center Jujhar Khaira to a two-year contract extension; signed right wing Tomas Jurco to a one-year contract; signed right wing Markus Granlund, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract; signed center Gaetan Haas to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a seven-year contract; signed defenseman Anton Stralman, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a three-year contract; signed right wing Noel Acciari, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a three-year contract; signed right wing Brett Connolly, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a four-year contract; signed defenseman Ethan Prow, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Tommy Cross, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Joakim Ryan, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Martin Frk, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Mats Zuccarello, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a five-year contract; signed right wing Ryan Hartman, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract; signed center Luke Johnson, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract; signed center Gabriel Dumont, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Keith Kinkaid, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Riley Barber, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; filed a five-year contract offer sheet for center Sebastian Aho of the Carolina Hurricanes.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Matt Duchene, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a seven-year contract; signed left wing Daniel Carr, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Wayne Simmonds, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Tennyson, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a two-year contract; signed center Ben Street, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Dakota Mermis, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Semyon Varlamov, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a four-year contract; signed left wing Anders Lee to a seven-year contract extension; signed center Cole Bardreau, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Artemi Panarin, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a seven-year contract; signed center Greg McKegg, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed center Danny O'Regan to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Nikita Zaitsev, right wing Connor Brown and left wing Michael Carcone from the Toronto Maple Leafs for defensemen Cody Ceci and Ben Harpur, center Aaron Luchuk and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus) in the 2020 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Ron Hainsey, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Jordan Szwarz, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Tyler Ennis, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Andy Andreoff, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Kurtis Gabriel, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Nate Prosser, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Jean-Francois Berube, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Andy Welinski, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Tyler Wotherspoon, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a two-year contract; signed center Kyle Criscuolo, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Chris Bigras, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract; announced the retirement of defenseman Nick Luukko.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Brandon Tanev, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a six-year contract; signed center Andrew Agozzino and defenseman David Warsofsky, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to two-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Timo Meier to a four-year contract extension; signed defenseman Tim Heed to a one-year contract extension; signed defenseman Dalton Prout, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Nathan Walker, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Samuel Blais to one-year contract extension; signed center Michael Vecchione, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jake Dotchin, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Derrick Pouliot, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Evan Polei to a two-year contract; signed right wing Nick Lappin, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Luke Schenn, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Curtis McElhinney, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Luke Witkowski, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Scott Wedgewood, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract; signed center Chris Mueller, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Spencer Martin, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Tyson Barrie, center Alexander Kerfoot and a sixth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for center Nazem Kadri, defenseman Calle Rosen and a third-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft; signed center Jason Spezza, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Kenny Agostino, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Kevin Gravel, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; signed center Nick Shore to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Tyler Myers, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to five-year contract; signed defenseman Jordie Benn, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Oscar Fantenberg, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed center Tyler Graovac, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Zane McIntyre, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Patrick Brown, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Tomas Nosek to a one-year contract extension; signed right wing Brandon Pirri to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Brett Lernout, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Tyrell Goulbourne, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Richard Panik, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a four-year contract; signed left wing Garnet Hathaway, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a four-year contract; signed center Philippe Maillet to a two-year contract; signed left wing Brendan Leipsic, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Vitek Vanecek to three-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defensemen Nathan Beaulieu and Cameron Schilling to a one-year contract extensions.

Jun 30, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Nicolas Deslauriers from the Montreal Canadiens for a fourth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired goaltender James Reimer from the Florida Panthers for goaltender Scott Darling and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Andrew Shaw and a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for second- and seventh-round picks in the 2020 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Andrej Sekera.
Florida Panthers: Bought out the contract of goaltender Scott Darling.
Philadelphia Flyers: Bought out the contract of defenseman David Schlemko.

Jun 29, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired right wing Phil Kessel, defenseman Dane Birks and a fourth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for center Alex Galchenyuk and defenseman Pierre-Olivier Joseph.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Alan Quine to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Doyle Somerby to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Bought out the contract of left wing Valeri Nichushkin.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Dominic Toninato from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Jakob MacDonald.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Martin Marincin to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Bought out the contract of left wing Ryan Spooner.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Michael Sgarbossa to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 28, 2019
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Colin Miller from the Vegas Golden Knights for a second-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Alex Nedeljkovic to a two-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Dylan Sikura and left wing John Quenneville to two-year contract extensions.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Andre Burakovsky from the Washington Capitals for right wing Scott Kosmachuk, a second-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Arizona) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Agreed on a mutual contract termination defenseman with left wing Adam Helewka.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Tom Kuhnhackl to a one-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Kasperi Kapanen to a three-year contract extension; signed left wing Andreas Johnsson to a four-year contract extension.

Jun 27, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Sam Carrick to a one-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Bought out the contract of left wing Patrick Marleau.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Tayler Fedun to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Jack Rodewald to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Carl Gunnarsson to two-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Michael Hutchinson to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 26, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Erik Haula from the Vegas Golden Knights for center Nicolas Roy and a fifth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of goaltender Roberto Luongo.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Mike Reilly to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Brian Elliott to a one-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defensemen Kevin Czuczman and Zach Trotman to two-year contract extensions.

Jun 25, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired center Carl Soderberg from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Kevin Connauton and a third-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Adam Clendening to a two-year contract extension; signed left wing Eric Robinson to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Cody Goloubef to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Adam Musil. 
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Nolan Foote to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Announced the retirement of defenseman Brooks Orpik.
Winnipeg Jets: Announced the retirement of left wing Matt Hendricks.

Jun 24, 2019
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Steven Kampfer to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Calvin de Haan and center Aleksi Saarela from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Gustav Forsling and goaltender Anton Forsberg.
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing Ryan Hartman from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Tyler Pitlick.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Brad Hunt to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Travis Sanheim to a two-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center William Karlsson to an eight-year contract extension.

Jun 23, 2019
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Jordan Nolan and center Nolan Stevens to one-year contract extensions.

Jun 22, 2019
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired a fourth-round pick (102nd overall, Sabres selected Aaron Huglen) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 122nd overall, Canucks selected Ethan Keppen) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg; 175th overall, Canucks selected Karel Plasek) in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 143rd overall, Sabres selected Filip Cederqvist) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for sixth- and seventh-round picks (the former previously acquired from Toronto; 177th and 191st overall, Red Wings selected Gustav Berglund and Carter Gylander) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Patrick Marleau, a conditional first-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft (if pick ends up in the top 10 in 2020, the Hurricanes will receive Toronto's first-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft) and a seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a sixth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing John Quenneville from the New Jeremy Devils for right wing John Hayden.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a third-round pick (81st overall, Panthers selected Cole Schwindt) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for two fourth-round picks (one previously acquired from Minnesota via Arizona, Pittsburgh, Dallas, and Pittsburgh, the other previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 104th and 114th overall, Blue Jackets selected Erid Hjorth and Dmitri Voronkov) in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago; 136th overall, Panthers selected Henry Rybinski) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a fifth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus via Vegas; 50th overall, Kings selected Samuel Fagemo) in the 2019 NHL Draft for third- and fifth-round picks (64th and 126th overall, Canadiens selected Mattias Norlinder and Jacob Leguerrier) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired a second-round pick (59th overall, Wild selected Hunter Jones) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for a third-round pick (73rd overall, Hurricanes selected Patrik Puistola) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers via Boston; 99th overall, Hurricanes selected Cade Webber) in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 75th overall, Wild selected Adam Beckman) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for a third-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 201st overall, Canadiens selected Rafael Harvey-Pinard) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman P.K. Subban and left wing Adam Helewka from the Nashville Predators for defensemen Steven Santini and Jeremy Davies, a second-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 37th overall, Senators selected Mads Sogaard) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Florida via San Jose; 44th overall, Hurricanes selected Jamieson Rees) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 83rd overall, Hurricanes selected Anttoni Honka) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 34th overall, Flyers selected Bobby Brink) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Arizona; 45th overall, Predators selected Egor Afanasyev) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey via Edmonton; 65th overall, Predators selected Alexander Campbell) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago; 74th overall, Penguins selected Nathan Legare) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo; 98th overall, Coyotes selected Matias Maccelli) in the 2019 NHL Draft, a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay via Chicago; 151st overall, Coyotes selected Aku Raty) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick (207th overall, Coyotes selected Valentin Nussbaumer) in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 211th overall, Penguins selected Santeri Airola) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks fort a seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 55th overall, Sharks selected Dillon Hamaliuk) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils for two third-round picks (one previously acquired from Winnipeg via Vegas, the other later traded to Washington; 82nd, Devils selected Michael Vukojevic in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Tom Pyatt and a sixth-round pick (164th overall, Sharks selected Timur Ibragimov) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Francis Perron and a seventh-round pick (215th overall, Canucks selected Arvid Costmar) in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (108th overall, Sharks selected Yegor Spiridonov) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a fourth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired a seventh-round pick (208th overall, Blues selected Vadim Zherenko) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing J.T. Miller from the Tampa Bay Lightning for goaltender Marek Mazanec, a conditional first-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft (if the Canucks do not make the playoffs in 2019-20, the first-round pick will move to the 2021 NHL Draft) and a third-round pick (71st overall, Lightning selected Hugo Alnefelt) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 91st overall, Capitals selected Aliaksei Protas) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils for a fourth-round pick (118th overall, Devils selected Case McCarthy) and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo via Detroit; 129th overall, Devils selected Arseny Gritsyuk) in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired a fifth-round pick (153rd overall, Capitals selected Martin Has) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for a seventh-round pick (later traded to Pittsburgh) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 41st overall, Golden Knights selected Kaedan Korczak) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for a second-round pick (48th overall, Sharks selected Artemi Knyazev) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg, later traded to New Jersey) in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Jun 21, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired a first-round pick (11th overall, Coyotes selected Victor Soderstrom) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a first-round pick (14th overall, Flyers selected Cam York) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to Nashville) in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Jun 20, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Derek Grant, defenseman Korbinian Holzer, and goaltender Ryan Miller to one-year contract extensions.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Alexander Edler to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 19, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Bought out the contract of right wing Corey Perry.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Marcus Hogberg to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Kevin Hayes to a seven-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Daniel Walcott to a one-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Announced the retirement of center Mikhail Grabovski.

Jun 18, 2019
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Justin Braun from the San Jose Sharks for a second-round pick (later traded to Vegas) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Braydon Coburn to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 17, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Markus Hannikainen to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Jacob Trouba from the Winnipeg Jets for defenseman Neal Pionk and a first-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg; 20th overall, Jets selected Ville Heinola) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Anthony Duclair and defenseman Andreas Englund to one-year contract extensions.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Erik Karlsson to an eight-year contract extension.

Jun 16, 2019
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Carl Hagelin to a four-year contract extension.

Jun 15, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Olli Maatta from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Dominik Kahun and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay, later traded to Arizona) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Jakob Lilja to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Bought out the contract of defenseman Dion Phaneuf.
Philadelphia Flyers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Andrew MacDonald.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Joona Luoto to a three-year contract.

Jun 14, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Ilya Lyubushkin to a one-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of left wing Tanner Glass.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Gustav Olofsson to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Acquired goaltender Connor Ingram from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Jordan Eberle to a five-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Matt Niskanen from the Washington Capitals for defenseman Radko Gudas.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Cameron Gaunce to a one-year contract extension; announced the retirement of left wing Michael Bournival.

Jun 13, 2019
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Eetu Tuulola to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Morgan Klimchuk to a one-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center David Gustafsson to a three-year contract.

Jun 11, 2019
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Patrick Russell to a one-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Matt Bartkowski to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 10, 2019
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Johan Sodergran to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Jesper Boqvist to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Nick Ebert to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Liam O'Brien to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 7, 2019
Boston Bruins: Signed center Samuel Asselin to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Jeff Skinner to an eight-year contract extension.

Jun 6, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Robbie Russo to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Mattias Janmark and defenseman Roman Polak to one-year contract extensions.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Seth Griffith and right wing J.C. Lipon to one-year contract extensions.

Jun 5, 2019
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Tarmo Reunanen to a three-year contract.

Jun 4, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Veini Vehvilainen to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of center Derek MacKenzie.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Zachary Emond to a three-year contract extension.

Jun 3, 2019
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of left wing Jaroslav Hlinka.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Brad Malone to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of left wing Maxim Birbraer.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Kevin Hayes from the Winnipeg Jets for a fifth-round pick (134rd overall, Jets selected Harrison Blaisdell) in the 2019 NHL Draft; announced the retirement of defenseman Zack FitzGerald.

Jun 2, 2019
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Shane Starrett to a one-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Emil Larmi to a two-year contract.

Jun 1, 2019
Winnipeg Jets: Signed right wing Andrei Chibisov to a one-year contract.

May 31, 2019
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Joel Kiviranta to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Arnaud Durandeau to a three-year contract; signed center Tanner Fritz to a two-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Logan Shaw and left wing C.J. Suess to one-year contracts.

May 30, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Eetu Luostarinen to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Fedor Gordeev to a three-year contract.	
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Juuso Riikola to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired a conditional (if Gordeev is signed to an entry-level contract prior to Jun 1, 2019; previously acquired from Winnipeg) seventh-round round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman Fedor Gordeev.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Jonas Rondbjerg to a three-year contract.

May 29, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Dominik Kubalik to a one-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Joseph Gambardella to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Anders Nilsson to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Jeffrey Truchon-Viel to a two-year contract.

May 28, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Jesper Sellgren to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Oliwer Kaski to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Rodrigo Abols to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Jarred Tinordi to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Lean Bergmann to a three-year contract.

May 27, 2019
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Xavier Ouellet to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Josh Norris to a three-year contract.

May 25, 2019
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Brett Kulak to a three-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Filip Pyrochta.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Jonne Tammela.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Laurent Brossoit ot a one-year contract extension.

May 24, 2019
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Pavel Francouz to a one-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Joakim Nygard to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Alex Belzile to a one-year contract.

May 23, 2019
New York Islanders: Signed center Brock Nelson to a six-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Chad Ruhwedel to a two-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Leon Gawanke to a three-year contract.

May 22, 2019
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Olivier Rodrigue to a three-year contract.

May 21, 2019
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Logan Day to a one-year contract.

May 20, 2019
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Yegor Rykov to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed centers Brian Pinho and Shane Gersich to one-year contract extensions.

May 18, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Jens Looke.
Washington Capitals: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Juuso Ikonen.

May 16, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Anton Wedin to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Esa Lindell to a six-year contract extension.

May 15, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Elvis Merzlikins to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Aleksi Heponiemi to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Yannick Rathgeb.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Kasper Bjorkqvist to a two-year contract.

May 14, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Emil Bemstrom to a three-year contract.

May 13, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Slater Koekkoek to a one-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Adam Werner to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Nikolai Prokhorkin to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wings Fabian Zetterlund and Mikhail Maltsev to three-year contracts.

May 10, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Lukas Dostal to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Alexander Yelesin to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Gerald Mayhew to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Olle Alsing to a two-year contract.

May 9, 2019
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Tony Sund to a one-year contract.

May 8, 2019
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Arttu Ruotsalainen to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Dylan McIlrath to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Niclas Almari to a three-year contract.

May 7, 2019
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Carl-Johan Lerby to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Otto Leskinen to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Teemu Kivihalme to a one-year contract.

May 6, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed centers Tim Soderlund and Mikael Hakkarainen to three-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Ilya Mikheyev to a one-year contract.

May 4, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Daniil Tarasov to a three-year contract.

May 3, 2019
Boston Bruins: Signed center Oskar Steen to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Igor Shesterkin to a two-year contract; signed right wing Vitali Kravtsov to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Jan Rutta to a one-year contract extension.

May 2, 2019
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Adam Fox to a three-year contract.

May 1, 2019
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Anton Blidh to a two-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Joe Veleno to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Ryan McLeod to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Mathieu Olivier to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Kirill Ustimenko to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Yegor Korshkov to a two-year contract.

Apr 30, 2019
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Chris Driedger to a two-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Markus Phillips to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Adam Fox from the Carolina Hurricanes for a second-round pick (later traded to Ottawa) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a conditional third-round pick (a second-round pick if Fox plays at least 30 games in the 2019-20 NHL season) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Thomas Di Pauli to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 29, 2019
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Emil Djuse to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Mario Ferraro to a three-year contract.

Apr 27, 2019
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Jordan Weal to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Joseph Cramarossa to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 25, 2019
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Nate Thompson to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Danil Yurtaikin to a two-year contract.

Apr 24, 2019
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Thatcher Demko to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 23, 2019
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Michael Anderson to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Joel Kellman to a one-year contract.

Apr 20, 2019
Calgary Flames: Signed center Martin Pospisil to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Oula Palve to a one-year contract.

Apr 19, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Jacob Nilsson to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 18, 2019
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Christian Folin to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 17, 2019
Boston Bruins: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Jesse Gabrielle.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Jacob Pritchard to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Riley Tufte to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Brandon Duhaime to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Josh Wilkins to a two-year contract.

Apr 16, 2019
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Gilles Senn to a two-year contract.

Apr 15, 2019
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Jacob Bryson to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Filip Larsson to a three-year contract.

Apr 14, 2019
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Cale Makar to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Nikita Gusev to a one-year contract.

Apr 13, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Vladislav Gavrikov to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of goaltender Peter Budaj.

Apr 12, 2019
Calgary Flames: Signed center Adam Ruzicka to a three-year contract.

Apr 11, 2019
Washington Capitals: Signed center Nic Dowd to a three-year contract extension.

Apr 9, 2019
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Artyom Zagidulin to a one-year contract.

Apr 8, 2019
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Jay Bouwmeester to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 6, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Erik Kallgren to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Calen Addison to a three-year contract.

Apr 5, 2019
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Brandon Fortunato and left wing Lukas Craggs to two-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Bobby Nardella to a two-year contract.

Apr 3, 2019
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Jeremy Davies to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Jonathan Gruden to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Andrew Shortridge to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Jimmy Schuldt to a one-year contract.

Apr 2, 2019
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Ryan Bednard to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Blake Lizotte to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Mason Jobst to a two-year contract.

Apr 1, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Andrew Peeke to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Riley Damiani to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Sean Durzi to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Nico Sturm to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Joey Daccord to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Brogan Rafferty to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Jake Kielly to a two-year contract.

Mar 31, 2019
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Cayden Primeau and center Ryan Poehling to three-year contracts.

Mar 30, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Nick Schmaltz to a seven-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Dmitry Zavgorodniy to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Patrick Newell to a two-year contract.

Mar 29, 2019
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Shane Bowers to a three-year contract.

Mar 28, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Jan Jenik to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Oliver Wahlstrom to a three-year contract.

Mar 27, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Carl Dahlstrom to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Dante Fabbro to a three-year contract.

Mar 26, 2019
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Paul Carey to a two-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Casey Fitzgerald to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Bobo Carpenter to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Michael Raffl to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 25, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Chad Krys to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Jake Oettinger to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Joel Farabee to a three-year contract.

Mar 24, 2019
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Joseph Woll to a three-year contract.

Mar 23, 2019
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Zdeno Chara to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 22, 2019
Nashville Predators: Signed center Rem Pitlick to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Ryan Lohin to a two-year contract.

Mar 21, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Stelio Mattheos to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Grant Hutton to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Joel Hofer to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Nic Petan to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 20, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Elvis Merzlikins to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Jimmy Howard to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 19, 2019
Calgary Flames: Signed center Luke Philp to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Rhett Gardner and defenseman Joseph Cecconi to two-year contracts; signed right wing Josh Melnick to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Alexander Khovanov to a three-year contract.

Mar 18, 2019
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Chase Pearson to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Brady Keeper to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Mat Robson to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Joe Snively to a two-year contract.

Mar 16, 2019
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Akil Thomas to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jett Woo to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Johnathan Kovacevic to a two-year contract.

Mar 15, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Kevin Bahl to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Trey Fix-Wolansky to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Jake Elmer to a three-year contract.

Mar 13, 2019
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Brian Lashoff to a two-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Joseph Duszak to a two-year contract.

Mar 12, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Philipp Kurashev to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wings Taro Hirose and Ryan Kuffner to two-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Max Veronneau to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Josh Teves to a one-year contract.

Mar 11, 2019
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Jake Lucchini to a one-year contract.

Mar 10, 2019
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Quinn Hughes to a three-year contract.

Mar 9, 2019
Dallas Stars: Signed center Justin Downling to a two-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Adam Huska to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Justin Almeida to a three-year contract.

Mar 8, 2019
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Serron Noel to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Mark Stone to an eight-year contract extension.

Mar 7, 2019
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Mac Hollowell to a three-year contract.

Mar 6, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Reese Johnson to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Andreas Borgman to a one-year contract extension

Mar 5, 2019
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Connor Dewar to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Garret Sparks to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 4, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Simon Benoit to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Joey Keane.

Mar 2, 2019
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Jan Drozg to a three-year contract.

Mar 1, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Jakob Silfverberg to a five-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Nick Henry to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Tye Felhaber to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Troy Grosenick to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Jimmy Huntington to a three-year contract.

Feb 27, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Conor Garland to a two-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Zac Dalpe to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Laurent Dauphin and left wing Adam Helewka to one-year contract extensions.

Feb 25, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Patrick Sieloff from the Ottawa Senators for center Brian Gibbons.
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Marcus Johansson from the New Jersey Devils for a second-round pick (61st overall, Devils selected Nikita Okhotyuk) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Oscar Fantenberg from the Los Angeles Kings for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if the Flames reach the third round of the 2019 Stanley Cup playoffs and Fantenberg plays in at least 50% of those playoff games) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Derick Brassard and a conditional sixth-round pick (if Brassard doesn't sign an extension with the Avalanche) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Florida Panthers for a third-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Adam McQuaid from the New York Rangers for defenseman Julius Bergman and fourth- and seventh-round picks (112th and 205th overall, Rangers selected Hunter Skinner and Eric Ciccolini) in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired goaltender Keith Kinkaid from the New Jersey Devils for a fifth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Cliff Pu from the Carolina Hurricanes for future considerations.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Kevin Fiala from the Nashville Predators for center Mikael Granlund; signed center Eric Staal to a two-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Jordan Weal from the Arizona Coyotes for center Michael Chaput.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Wayne Simmonds from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Ryan Hartman and a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if Predators win one round in the 2019 Stanley Cup playoffs) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Signed centers Steven Fogarty and Boo Nieves to one-year contract extensions.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Erik Gudbranson from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Tanner Pearson; acquired defenseman Chris Wideman from the Florida Panthers for center Jean-Sebastien Dea.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Michael Del Zotto from the Anaheim Ducks for a sixth-round pick (186th overall, Ducks selected Mathew Hill) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired right wing Gustav Nyquist from the Detroit Red Wings for a second-round pick (60th overall, Red Wings selected Albert Johansson) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a conditional third-round pick (a second-round pick if the Sharks advance to the 2019 Stanley Cup final or Nyquist re-signs with the Sharks) in the 2020 NHL Draft ; acquired left wing Jonathan Dahlen from the Vancouver Canucks for center Linus Karlsson.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Nic Petan from the Winnipeg Jets for center Par Lindholm.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired right wing Mark Stone and right wing Tobias Lindberg from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Erik Brannstrom, center Oscar Lindberg and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired center Kevin Hayes from the New York Rangers for left wing Brendan Lemieux, a conditional first-round pick (if the pick is in the top 3, the Rangers will get a first-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft instead; later traded back to Winnipeg) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (if the Jets win the Stanley Cup in 2019) in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Nathan Beaulieu from the Buffalo Sabres for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Vancouver) in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Bogdan Kiselevich from the Florida Panthers for a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Matt Hendricks from the Minnesota Wild for a seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired center Alex Broadhurst from the Columbus Blue Jackets for future considerations. 

Feb 24, 2019
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Lee Stempniak to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Brandon Montour from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Brendan Guhle and a conditional first-round pick (either previously acquired from St. Louis or San Jose based on the final order of selection; 29th overall, Ducks selected Brayden Tracey) in the 2019 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Adam Wilcox to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Spencer Watson from the Los Angeles Kings for right wing Matheson Iacopelli.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Chris Driedger to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Evan Cormier to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Jeremy Smith and defenseman Dennis Seidenberg to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Nicholas Baptiste from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Parker Milner to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Ken Appleby to a one-year contract.

Feb 23, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired left wing Ryan Dzingel and a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary; 212th overall, Blue Jackets selected Tyler Angle) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for left wing Anthony Duclair and second-round picks in the 2020 and 2021 NHL Drafts.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Ben Lovejoy from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Connor Carrick and a third-round pick (80th overall, Devils selected Graeme Clarke) in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Mats Zuccarello from the New York Rangers for a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick if Stars advance to the third round the 2019 Stanley Cup Playoffs and Zuccarello plays in 50% of the games in the first two rounds; 49th overall, Rangers selected Matthew Robertson) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a conditional third-round pick (a first-round pick if Zuccarello re-signs with the Stars) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Frank Vatrano to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 22, 2019
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Matt Duchene and defenseman Julius Bergman from the Ottawa Senators for right wings Vitali Abramov and Jonathan Davidsson, a conditional first-round pick (if the pick is top 3, the Senators will get a first-round pick in 2020 instead; 19th overall, Senators selected Lassi Thomson) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a conditional first-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft (if Duchene re-signs with Columbus, optionally moving to 2021 if the first condition applies).
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Vincent Praplan from the San Jose Sharks for future considerations.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Nick Jensen and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo, later traded to New Jersey) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for defenseman Madison Bowey and a second-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Nick Jensen to a four-year contract extension.

Feb 21, 2019
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Carl Hagelin from the Los Angeles Kings for a third-round pick (87th overall, Kings selected Lukas Parik) in the 2019 NHL Draft and a conditional sixth-round pick (if Capitals win 2 or more playoff round in the 2019 Stanley Cup Playoffs and Hagelin plays in at least 50% of the combined total number of games in 2 of those playoff rounds) in the 2020 NHL Draft.

Feb 20, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Jordan Oesterle to a two-year contract extension.
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Charlie Coyle from the Minnesota Wild for right wing Ryan Donato and a conditional fourth-round pick (a fifth-round pick if Boston fails to qualify for the second round of the 2019 Stanley Cup playoffs; previously acquired from the New York Rangers, later traded to Carolina) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Joel Hanley to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Joseph Cramarossa to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Claimed left wing Micheal Haley off waivers from the Florida Panthers.

Feb 19, 2019
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Thomas McCollum to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a one-year contract.

Feb 18, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Peter Holland from the New York Rangers for defenseman Darren Raddysh.

Feb 16, 2019
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Sam Gagner from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Ryan Spooner.

Feb 15, 2019
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired goaltender Cam Talbot from the Edmonton Oilers for goaltender Anthony Stolarz.

Feb 12, 2019
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Marek Mazanec from the New York Rangers for a seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.

Feb 11, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Collin Delia to a three-year contract extension; agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Luc Snuggerud.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Nate Thompson and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Arizona via Chicago; 138th overall, Canadiens selected Frederik Nissen Dichow) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary; 119th overall, Kings selected Kim Nousiainen) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Claimed left wing Kenny Agostino off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Blake Siebenaler from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a conditional (if Siebenaler plays in 10 games for Pittsburgh; not fulfilled) seventh-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Feb 9, 2019
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Dale Weise and defenseman Christian Folin from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Byron Froese and defenseman David Schlemko.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing MacKenzie MacEachern to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 8, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired center Emil Pettersson from the Nashville Predators for center Laurent Dauphin and left wing Adam Helewka.

Feb 6, 2019
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of left wing John McFarland.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Brian Boyle from the New Jersey Devils for a second-round pick (later traded to San Jose) in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Cody McLeod from the New York Rangers for a seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center J.C. Beaudin from the Colorado Avalanche for left wing Max McCormick.

Feb 5, 2019
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Turner Elson to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Auston Matthews to a five-year contract extension.

Feb 4, 2019
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Pheonix Copley to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 1, 2019
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired centers Nick Bjugstad and Jared McCann from the Florida Panthers for center Derick Brassard, left wing Riley Sheahan, a second-round pick (52nd overall, Panthers selected Vladislav Kolyachonok) in the 2019 NHL Draft and two fourth-round picks (one previously acquired from Minnesota via Arizona and Dallas, later traded to Columbus) in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Jan 31, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of center Antoine Vermette.

Jan 30, 2019
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Ryan Murphy from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman Michael Kapla.

Jan 29, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Jordan Martinook to a two-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Joel Persson to a one-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Alex Stalock to a three-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Michal Moravcik.

Jan 28, 2019
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Jamie Oleksiak from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a conditional fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota via Arizona and Pittsburgh, later traded to Columbus via Florida) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Jake Muzzin from the Los Angeles Kings for right wing Carl Grundstrom, defenseman Sean Durzi and a first-round pick (22nd overall, Kings selected Tobias Bjornfot) in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Jan 25, 2019
Minnesota Wild: Claimed defenseman Anthony Bitetto off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Jan 24, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Dominik Kubalik from the Los Angeles Kings for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Arizona, later traded to Montreal) in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Jan 21, 2019
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Teuvo Teravainen to a five-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Mikko Koskinen to a three-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Brad Hunt and a sixth-round pick (172nd overall, Wild selected Nikita Nesterenko) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Vegas Golden Knights for a conditional (the higher of Minnesota's and Washington's pick that was previously acquired) fifth-round pick (135rd overall, Golden Knights selected Isaiah Saville) in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Jan 19, 2019
St. Louis Blues: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Brian Flynn.

Jan 17, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Michael Del Zotto from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Luke Schenn and a seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Nino Niederreiter from the Minnesota Wild for center Victor Rask.
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of left wing Brandon Bollig.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Justin Bailey from the Buffalo Sabres for left wing Taylor Leier.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Joseph Blandisi from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing Derek Grant.

Jan 16, 2019
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Justin Kloos from the Minnesota Wild for left wing Pontus Aberg.

Jan 15, 2019
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed center Colby Cave off waivers from the Boston Bruins.

Jan 14, 2019
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of defenseman Josh Gorges.
Dallas Stars: Acquired left wing Andrew Cogliano from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing Devin Shore.
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Cole Schneider from the New York Rangers for left wing Connor Brickley.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Marcus Sorensen to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 13, 2019
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Trevor Moore to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 11, 2019
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired center Jordan Weal from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Jacob Graves and a sixth-round pick (169th overall, Flyers selected Roddy Ross) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of right wing Rick Nash.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Cody Goloubef from the Boston Bruins for right wing Paul Carey.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Casey DeSmith to a three-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Jan Rutta and a seventh-round pick (198th overall, Lightning selected Mikhail Shalagin) in the 2019 NHL Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Slater Koekkoek and a fifth-round pick (later traded to Arizona via Pittsburgh) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Gabriel Gagne from the Ottawa Senators for left wing Morgan Klimchuk.

Jan 9, 2019
Nashville Predators: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with goaltender Miroslav Svoboda.

Jan 6, 2019
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Lukas Radil to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 5, 2019
New York Rangers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Vince Pedrie.

Jan 4, 2019
Philadelphia Flyers: Claimed goaltender Mike McKenna off waviers from the Vancouver Canucks.

Jan 3, 2019
Chicago Blackhawks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Jason Garrison.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired goaltender Jared Coreau from the Anaheim Ducks for future considerations.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired defenseman Jimmy Oligny from the Vegas Golden Knights for future considerations.

Jan 2, 2019
Ottawa Senators: Acquired goaltender Anders Nilsson and right wing Darren Archibald from the Vancouver Canucks for goaltender Mike McKenna, right wing Tom Pyatt and a sixth-round pick (156th overall, Canucks selected Arturs Silovs) in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Jan 1, 2019
Nashville Predators: Claimed right wing Phillip Di Giuseppe off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.
