Jun 30, 2026
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Noah Philp from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Kyle Masters.
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Jacob Markström and left wing Angus Crookshank from the New Jersey Devils for centers Evan Rodrigues and Jesper Boqvist and left wing Ben Steeves.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Arseny Gritsyuk to a three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Carl Grundström to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Jonatan Berggren to a one-year contract extension.
Utah Mammoth: Signed goaltender Sebastian Cossa to a two-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired defenseman Parker Wotherspoon (50% salary retained) from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Kaedan Korczak.

Jun 29, 2026
Boston Bruins: Signed center Ivan Ivan to a one-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Beck Malenstyn to a six-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Taylor Makar to a two-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Jack Williams to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Akira Schmid from the Vegas Golden Knights for a third-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Radko Gudas from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing A.J. Greer.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center David Gustafsson from the Winnipeg Jets for defenseman Jack St. Ivany.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Maksymilian Szuber from the Utah Mammoth for center Joshua Roy.
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Nils Höglander from the Vancouver Canucks for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado) in the 2029 NHL Draft.
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Lleyton Roed and center Jon-Randall Avon to one-year contract extensions.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Troy Stecher to a two-year contract extension.
Utah Mammoth: Signed defenseman Nick DeSimone and right wing Kailer Yamamoto to two-year contract extensions; signed center Joshua Roy to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Brendan Gallagher (50% salary retained) from the Montreal Canadiens for future considerations.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Carl Lindbom to a three-year contract extension.

Jun 28, 2026
Nashville Predators: Signed center Jack Drury to a five-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Michael Kesselring to a three-year contract extension.

Jun 27, 2026
Boston Bruins: Acquired center Ivan Ivan from the Colorado Avalanche for right wing Fabian Lysell.
Calgary Flames: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 42nd overall, Flames selected Tobias Trejbal) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for second- and third-round picks (the former previously acquired from Utah; 51st and 68th overall, Hurricanes selected William Hakansson and Zachary Lensard) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman John Carlson from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Kyle Masters and a sixth-round pick (192nd overall, Ducks selected Noah Kosick) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers via Utah and Calgary; 35th overall, Blackhawks selected Ryan Roobroeck) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils for second- and fourth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Toronto, the latter previously acquired from Ottawa; 37th and 119th overall, Devils selected Matias Vanhanen and Lavr Gashilov) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired a fifth-round pick (140th overall, Avalanche selected Cole Tuminaro) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils for fifth- and seventh-round picks (the former previously acquired from Philadelphia; 149th and 222nd overall, Devils selected Daniil Rusakovich and Quinn McKenzie) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg via New Jersey; 103rd overall, Kings selected Thomas Vandenberg) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for fourth- and sixth-round picks (the former later traded to Vegas, the latter previously acquired from Colorado via Ottawa; 190th overall, Canadiens selected Wesley Royston) in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Vegas; 223rd overall, King selected Lucas Ambrosio) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a seventh-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Utah; 83rd overall, Wild selected Adam Andersson) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for third- and fifth-round picks (89th and 153rd overall, Kings selected Yegor Ribkin and Giorgos Pantelas) in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 112th overall, Wild selected Kayden Lemire) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for fourth- and sixth-round picks (121st and 185th overall, Blue Jackets selected Evan Jardine and Jonas Woo) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Adam Edström from the New York Rangers for center Massimo Rizzo and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton, later traded to Seattle) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Ryan Healey from the Minnesota Wild for future considerations.
New York Rangers: Acquired a fourth-round pick (102nd overall, Rangers selected Spencer Bowes) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Seattle Kraken for two fifth-round picks (one previously acquired from Edmonton via Nashville; 131st and 148th overall, Kraken selected Finn Kearns and Luken Huff) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit via Anaheim; 111th overall, Penguins selected Parker von Richter) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Boston Bruins for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg) in the 2027 NHL Draft and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville, 170th overall, Bruins selected Roberto Leonardo Henriquez) in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina; 160th overall, Penguins selected Matvei Nikonovich) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for a fifth-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Brandon Carlo from the Toronto Maple Leafs for two third-round picks (one previously acquired from San Jose via Pittsburgh and Detroit, the other previously acquired from New Jersey via the New York Islanders; 73rd and 76th overall, Maple Leafs selected Zach Olsen and Mans Gudmundsson) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Zack Ostapchuk to a four-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired a second-round pick (52nd overall, Lightning selected Olek Kulebyakin) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for second- and fifth-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Toronto; 58th and 133rd overall, Oilers selected Rudolfs Berzkalns and Andrew Robinson) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired a sixth-round pick (161st overall, Maple Leafs selected Yaroslav Fedoseyev) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa) in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota via Nashville; 57th overall, Canadiens selected Timofei Runtso) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for second- and fourth-round picks (61st and 125th overall, Hurricanes selected Wiggo Sörensson and Ryder Fetterolf) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles; 113th overall, Golden Knights selected Johan Sivertson) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for fourth- and seventh-round picks (the former previously acquired from Philadelphia, the latter later traded to Los Angeles; 117th overall, Canadiens selected Brayden Klimpke) in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (207th overall, Golden Knights selected Noel Pakarinen) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for a seventh-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto via Minnesota; 101st overall, Capitals selected Tyus Sparks) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Minnesota) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose) in the 2028 NHL Draft.

Jun 26, 2026
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 28th overall, Ducks selected Marcus Nordmark) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Vegas Golden Knights for first- (previously acquired from Colorado via the New York Islanders and St. Louis; 29th overall, Golden Knights selected Juho Piiparinen) and fourth-round (previously acquired from Philadelphia, later traded to Montreal) picks in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing John-Jason Peterka from the Utah Mammoth for a first-round pick (later traded to Detroit) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a conditional first-round pick (previously acquired from Florida) in the 2028 NHL Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Olen Zellweger from the Anaheim Ducks for center Anton Wahlberg and a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders via Chicago; 45th overall, Ducks selected Jayden Kurtz) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Brett Berard from the New York Rangers for defenseman William Trudeau.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Brent Burns to a one-year contract extension; signed defenseman Brett Kulak to a five-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Brandt Clarke to a five-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas via Carolina and the New York Rangers; 26th overall, Canadiens selected Gleb Pugachyov) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Vegas Golden Knights for a first-round pick (later traded to Anaheim) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired a first-round pick (31st overall; Predators selected Tommy Bleyl) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for two second-round picks (one later traded to Calgary, the other previously acquired from Minnesota, later traded to Montreal) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Tony DeAngelo to a two-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Pavel Dorofeyev from the Vegas Golden Knights for first- and third-round picks (the former previously acquired from Dallas via Carolina, later traded to Montreal, the latter previously acquired from Buffalo; 92nd overall, Golden Knights selected Ben Wilmott) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a conditional first-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft; signed left wing Pavel Dorofeyev to a seven-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Andre Burakovsky from the Chicago Blackhawks for a sixth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft; acquired goaltender Samuel Ersson from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Vancouver) in the 2027 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Jordan Spence to a four-year contract extension; signed defensemen Samuel Bolduc and Djibril Toure to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Mason McTavish from the Anaheim Ducks for two first-round picks (one previously acquired from Detroit, the other previously acquired from Colorado via the New York Islanders, later traded to Vegas; 15th overall, Ducks selected Nikita Klepov) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a first-round pick (21st overall, Sharks selected Ryan Lin) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for first-, second- and fourth-round picks (previously acquired from Buffalo, previously acquired from Colorado, previously acquired from Boston; 27th, 62nd and 120th overall, Flyers selected Maksim Sokolovskii, Martin Psohlavec and Marek Sklenicka) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Utah Mammoth: Acquired goaltender Sebastian Cossa from the Detroit Red Wings for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 23rd overall, Red Wings selected JP Hurlbert) in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Jun 25, 2026
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Ian Moore to a two-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Signed centers Sam Morton and Rory Kerins to one-year contract extensions.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Valeri Nichushkin from the Colorado Avalanche for a second-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis via Pittsburgh; 43rd overall, Avalanche selected Yegor Shilov) in the 2026 NHL Draft, a third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Luke Tuch from the Montreal Canadiens for center Hunter McKown; signed left wing Mikael Pyythiä to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Harrison Scott and right wing Matthew Seminoff to two-year contract extensions.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman William Wallinder to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Garnet Hathaway (50% salary retained) and a sixth-round pick (181st overall, Panthers selected Cole Zurawski) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fourth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick (136th overall, Flyers selected KJ Sauer) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Declan Chisholm from the Washington Capitals for a fourth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft; acquired center Amadeus Lombardi from the Detroit Red Wings for a fourth-round pick (108th overall, Red Wings selected Adam Levac) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center Hendrix Lapierre from the Washington Capitals for a third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose) in the 2028 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Etthan Cardwell to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 24, 2026
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Zach Benson to a seven-year contract extension; signed right wing Alex Tuch to an eight-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Jusso Välimäki to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed defensemen Luke Krys and Kyle Capobianco to two-year contract extensions.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Francesco Pinelli to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Jack Drury, left wing Chase Bradley and a third-round pick in the 2029 NHL Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for center Fyodor Svechkov and left wing Zachary L'Heureux.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Alex Tuch from the Buffalo Sabres for center David Kämpf and a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose) in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Isak Rosen to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 23, 2026
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Simon Zajicek to a one-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Simon Nemec and right wing Maxim Tsyplakov from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Etienne Morin, conditional first-round picks (previously acquired from Vegas and Colorado respectively) in the 2027 and 2028 NHL Drafts and a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers via Utah) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Bowen Byram and center Jordan Greenway from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Louis Crevier and first- and second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from the New York Islanders, later traded to Anaheim; 4th overall, Sabres selected Daxon Rudolph) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing William Eklund, right wing Kasper Halttunen and center Brandon Svoboda from the San Jose Sharks for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 9th overall, Sharks selected Keaton Verhoeff) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Nolan Allan to a two-year contract extension.
Utah Mammoth: Acquired a first-round pick (17th overall; Mammoth selected Ethan Belchetz) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for first- and third-round picks (the latter later traded to Minnesota; 19th overall, Kings selected Elton Hermansson) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Jordan Kyrou from the St. Louis Blues for centers Connor McMichael and Milton Gästrin and a first-round pick (16th overall, Blues selected Maddox Dagenais) in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Jun 22, 2026
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Connor Murphy to a five-year contract extension.

Jun 21, 2026
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Jason Dickinson to a five-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Brady Tkachuk from the Ottawa Senators for two first-round picks (one later traded to San Jose, the other previously acquired from Tampa Bay via Seattle; 25th overall, Senators selected Jonas Lagerberg Hoen) in the 2026 NHL Draft, a conditional first-round pick in the 2029 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Dylan Garand to a two-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Acquired right wing Mackie Samoskevich from the Florida Panthers for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay, later traded to Ottawa) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a conditional second-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg or Columbus) in the 2027 NHL Draft; signed left wing Bobby McMann to a six-year contract extension.

Jun 20, 2026
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Nicolas Deslauriers to a two-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Corson Ceulemans to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 19, 2026
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Darren Raddysh to an eight-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Darren Raddysh from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Edmonton) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Announced the retirement of center Devon Toews.

Jun 18, 2026
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Connor Ungar to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Andre Gasseau and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Boston Bruins for fourth- and fifth-round picks (previously acquired from Florida and Montreal; 104th and 157th overall, Bruins selected Matvei Kotkov and Jacob Vandeven) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Logan Morrison to a one-year contract extension; announced the retirement of center Pierre-Edouard Bellemare.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Isaac Poulter to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 17, 2026
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Michael Kesselring and a first-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 20th overall, Sabres selected Ilia Morozov) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Chase Wouters to a one-year contract.

Jun 16, 2026
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Ross Colton and goaltender Isak Posch from the Colorado Avalanche for goaltender Magnus Chrona, a third-round pick (74th overall, Predators selected Beckett Hamilton) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired goaltender Joseph Woll and defenseman Simon Benoit from the Toronto Maple Leafs for goaltender Samuel Ersson, defenseman Emil Andrae and a third-round pick (85th overall, Maple Leafs selected Juuso Ainasto) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Taylor Gauthier to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Cole Clayton to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 15, 2026
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Theo Rochette to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Ethan Bear to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Eskild Bakke Olsen to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Oliver Okuliar to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Tinus Luc Koblar to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed right wing Walker Duehr to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 14, 2026
Boston Bruins: Signed center Attilio Biasca to a two-year contract.

Jun 13, 2026
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Oliver Okuliar from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Emil Pieniniemi.

Jun 12, 2026
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing James Malatesta to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jack Thompson to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 11, 2026
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Martin Chromiak to a one-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Daylan Kuefler to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 9, 2026
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Michael McCarron to a six-year contract extension.

Jun 8, 2026
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Cooper Black to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 7, 2026
Utah Mammoth: Signed left wing Vadim Moroz to a two-year contract.

Jun 5, 2026
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Aatu Jämsen to a one-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Marshall Warren to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 4, 2026
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Navrin Mutter to a one-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Jacob Gaucher to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Dylan Peterson to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 3, 2026
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Zach Dean to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 2, 2026
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Ilya Safonov to a one-year contract.

Jun 1, 2026
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Nikita Novosyolov to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Matvei Shuravin to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Anton Silayev to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Ilya Pautov to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Will Cranley to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired right wing Jack Pridham from the Chicago Blackhawks for a third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.

May 29, 2026
Nashville Predators: Signed center Felix Nilsson to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Benjamin Rautiainen to a three-year contract.

May 28, 2026
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Jake Richard to a two-year contract.
Utah Mammoth: Signed defenseman Gregor Biber to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Phillip Sinn to a two-year contract.

May 27, 2026
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Jimmy Huntington to a one-year contract.

May 26, 2026
New York Islanders: Signed center Liam Foudy to a one-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Evgeni Malkin to a one-year contract extension.

May 25, 2026
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Aku Räty to a one-year contract.

May 23, 2026
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Scott Sabourin to a one-year contract.

May 22, 2026
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Kirill Zarubin to a three-year contract.

May 21, 2026
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Roman Kantserov to a three-year contract. 

May 20, 2026
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Noel Fransen to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Timothy Liljegren to a two-year contract extension.

May 19, 2026
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Alexis Bernier to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Nicholas Abruzzese to a one-year contract extension; signed defenseman Maxim Groshev to a two-year contract extension.

May 15, 2026
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Aleksei Kolosov to a one-year contract extension.

May 14, 2026
Boston Bruins: Signed center Lukas Reichel to a one-year contract extension.

May 13, 2026
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Carson Wetsch to a three-year contract.

May 12, 2026
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Charlie Cerrato to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Charlie Coyle to a six-year contract extension.

May 11, 2026
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Mark Jankowski to a two-year contract extension.

May 7, 2026
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Ilya Solovyov to a one-year contract extension; signed center Connor Dewar to a two-year contract extension.
Utah Mammoth: Signed right wing Yegor Borikov to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Theodor Niederbach to a one-year contract; signed center Petr Sikora to a three-year contract.

May 5, 2026
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Stephen Halliday to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Patrick Giles to a two-year contract extension.

May 4, 2026
Calgary Flames: Signed center Theo Stockselius to a three-year contract.

May 1, 2026
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Dylan Holloway to a five-year contract extension.

Apr 27, 2026
Nashville Predators: Signed center Vitali Pinchuk to a one-year contract.

Apr 26, 2026
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of center Anze Kopitar.

Apr 22, 2026
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Billy Sweezey to a one-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of center Trevor Lewis.

Apr 21, 2026
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Ethan Procyszyn to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Lucas Beckman to a three-year contract.

Apr 18, 2026
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Roger McQueen to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Cole Koepke to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 17, 2026
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Nils Lundkvist to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Matt Dumba.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Garrett Brown to a two-year contract.

Apr 16, 2026
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing John Leonard to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Eric Pohlkamp to a two-year contract.

Apr 15, 2026
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Rieger Lorenz to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Ben Dexheimer to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Quinn Finley to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Blake Montgomery to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Arseni Koromyslov to a two-year contract.

Apr 14, 2026
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Daniel Nieminen to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Landon Sim to a two-year contract.

Apr 13, 2026
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Boston Buckberger to a two-year contract; signed right wing Joshua Eernisse to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Christian Fitzgerald to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Aiden Fink to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of goaltender Jonathan Quick.

Apr 11, 2026
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center T.J. Hughes to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Dylan James to a two-year contract.

Apr 10, 2026
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Adam Wiebe to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Jake Livanavage to a two-year contract.

Apr 9, 2026
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Viking Gustafsson Nyberg to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Jack Berglund to a three-year contract.  

Apr 8, 2026
Boston Bruins: Signed center James Hagens to a three-year contract.

Apr 6, 2026
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Charlie Stramel to a three-year contract.

Apr 4, 2026
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Noah Dower Nilsson to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Henry Brzustewicz to a three-year contract.

Apr 3, 2026
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Colin Ralph to a three-year contract.

Apr 2, 2026
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Owen Michaels to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Hampton Slukynsky to a three-year contract; signed center Grant Slukynsky to a one-year contract.

Apr 1, 2026
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Axel Hurtig to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Adam Gajan to a two-year contract.    
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center William Nicholl to a three-year contract.

Mar 31, 2026
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Trey Augustine to a three-year contract.

Mar 30, 2026
Calgary Flames: Signed center Jonathan Castagna to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Matthew DiMarsico to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Tyler Muszelik to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Hoyt Stanley to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Kevin Reidler to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Noah Steen to a two-year contract.

Mar 29, 2026
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Max Lundgren to a one-year contract.   
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Porter Martone to a three-year contract.

Mar 27, 2026
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Jiri Felcman to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Tomas Cibulka to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Owen Protz to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Hayes Hundley to a three-year contract.

Mar 25, 2026
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Jacob Bernard-Docker to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Gabriel Eliasson to a three-year contract.
Utah Mammoth: Signed goaltender Michael Hrabal to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed right wing Lucas Wahlin to a one-year contract.

Mar 24, 2026
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Aram Minnetian to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Joshua Katai to a two-year contract.

Mar 23, 2026
Nashville Predators: Signed center Fedor Svechkov to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Alex Ciernik to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Felix Trudeau to a two-year contract.
Utah Mammoth: Signed center Caleb Desnoyers to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Pavel Moysevich to a three-year contract.

Mar 22, 2026
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Herman Träff to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Riley Thompson to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Bill Zonnon to a three-year contract.

Mar 21, 2026
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Drew Fortescue to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Gabriel D'Aigle to a three-year contract.

Mar 20, 2026
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Dylan Hryckowian to a two-year contract.
Utah Mammoth: Signed center Michael Carcone to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Victor Mancini to a two-year contract.

Mar 19, 2026
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of center Ryan Johansen.

Mar 18, 2026
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Jack Anderson to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Zachary L'Heureux to a two-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Cole Eiserman to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Cole Knuble to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Brandon Buhr to a one-year contract.

Mar 17, 2026
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Gavin McCarthy to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Kashawn Aitcheson to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Vinny Borgesi to a two-year contract.

Mar 16, 2026
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Sacha Boisvert to a three-year contract.

Mar 15, 2026
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Eddie Genborg to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Artur Akhtyamov to a three-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Cole Hutson to a three-year contract.

Mar 14, 2026
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Bronson Ride to a three-year contract.

Mar 13, 2026
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Gustav Stjernberg to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Josh Bloom from the Vancouver Canucks for center Jayden Grubbe.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Luke Mittelstadt to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Brody Lamb to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Riley Kidney from the Montreal Canadiens for goaltender Hunter Shepard and center Jake Chiasson.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Ty Dellandrea to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 12, 2026
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Navrin Mutter from the Nashville Predators for center Massimo Rizzo and right wing Dalton Bancroft.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Tyson Gross to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Jan Jenik from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Samuel Bolduc.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Calle Rosen to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Ian Mitchell from the Detroit Red Wings for left wings Michael Milne and Wojciech Stachowiak.

Mar 11, 2026
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Noah Powell to a three-year contract.
Utah Mammoth: Signed center Nick Schmaltz to an eight-year contract extension.

Mar 9, 2026
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Frederic Brunet to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 7, 2026
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Taylor Gauthier to a one-year contract.

Mar 6, 2026
Boston Bruins: Acquired center Massimo Rizzo and right wing Alexis Gendron from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Brett Harrison and defenseman Edward Jackson; acquired center Lukas Reichel from the Vancouver Canucks for a sixth-round pick (previously re-acquired from Boston via Minnesota; 184th overall, Canucks selected Samuel Eriksson) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Tanner Pearson from the Winnipeg Jets for a seventh-round pick (220th overall, Jets selected John Parsons) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Brennan Othmann from the New York Rangers for right wing Jacob Battaglia; acquired center Ryan Strome from the Anaheim Ducks for a seventh-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Nicolas Deslauriers from the Philadelphia Flyers for a conditional seventh-round pick (if Carolina wins at least two rounds in the 2026 Stanley Cup Playoffs and Deslauriers plays in at least 50% of the games) in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Derrick Pouliot from the New York Rangers for center Aidan Thompson.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Nazem Kadri (20% salary retained) and a fourth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft from the Calgary Flames for left wing Victor Olofsson, center Maxmilian Curran, a conditional first-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft and a conditional second-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota) in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Justin Faulk from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Justin Holl, left wing Dmitri Buchelnikov and first- (later traded to Anaheim) and third-round picks (the latter previously acquired from San Jose via Pittsburgh, later traded to Toronto) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Vinnie Hinostroza from the Minnesota Wild for future considerations; claimed left wing Cole Reinhardt off waivers from the Vegas Golden Knights.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Scott Laughton from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional third-round pick (a second-round pick if Los Angeles qualifies for the 2026 Stanley Cup Playoffs, condition fulfilled; previously acquired from Buffalo via Ottawa; 60th overall, Maple Leafs selected Alexander Bilecki) in the 2026 NHL Draft; signed right wing Mathieu Joseph to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired right wing Bobby Brink from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman David Jiricek; acquired left wing Nick Foligno from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.
New York Islanders: Acquired center Brayden Schenn from the St. Louis Blues for left wing Jonathan Drouin, goaltender Marcus Gidlöf and first- and third-round picks (the former previously acquired from Colorado, later traded to Vegas via Anaheim, the latter previously acquired from New Jersey, later traded to Toronto) in the 2026 NHL Draft; signed center Jean-Gabriel Pageau to a three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Claimed center Luke Glendening off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.
St. Louis Blues: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Mathieu Joseph.   
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Alex Nedeljkovic to a two-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Acquired left wing Bobby McMann from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional second-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus/Winnipeg) in the 2027 NHL Draft and fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 114th overall, Maple Leafs selected Patriks Plumins) in the 2026 NHL Draft; signed right wing Jordan Eberle to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Elmer Söderblom from the Detroit Red Wings for a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose, later traded to Toronto via St. Louis) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired right wing Corey Perry (50% salary retained) from the Los Angeles Kings for a second-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed center Curtis Douglas off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Wyatt Bongiovanni from the Ottawa Senators for right wing Graeme Clarke; acquired center David Kämpf from the Vancouver Canucks for a sixth-round pick (176th overall, Canucks selected Lucian Bernat) in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Timothy Liljegren from the San Jose Sharks for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Vegas; 127th overall, Sharks selected Brady Knowling) in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Mar 5, 2026
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman John Carlson from the Washington Capitals for a conditional (deferrable to 2027 in case Anaheim misses the 2026 Stanley Cup Playoffs, condition not fulfilled) first-round pick (18th overall, Capitals selected Oliver Suvanto) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft; signed center Ryan Poehling to a four-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defensemen Logan Stanley and Luke Schenn (50% salary retained) from the Winnipeg Jets for defenseman Jacob Bryson, center Isak Rosen, a second-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton via Boston; 116th overall, Jets selected Zach Wooten) in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired center Sam Carrick from the New York Rangers for third- and a sixth-round picks (the former later traded to Vegas, the latter previously acquired from Chicago; 162nd overall, Rangers selected Andre Mondoux) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Nicolas Roy from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional (top-ten protected) first-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft and a conditional fifth-round pick (own or previously acquired from Boston or Philadelphia; 158th overall, Maple Leafs selected Cooper Williams) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Conor Garland from the Vancouver Canucks for a second-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft and a third-round pick (78th overall, Canucks selected Dmitri Ivchenko) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired left wing Michael Bunting from the Nashville Predators for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Seattle; 70th overall, Predators selected Dmitri Borichev) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired left wing David Perron from the Ottawa Senators for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if Detroit advances to the second round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs and Perron plays in at least 50% of the first round games, condition not fulfilled; previously acquired from Columbus; 110th overall, Senators selected Elliot Lennon) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Jeff Petry from the Florida Panthers for a conditional seventh-round pick (a fifth-round pick if Minnesota wins two playoff rounds and Petry plays in at least 50% of those rounds, condition not fulfilled; 217th overall, Panthers selected Louis-Antoine Denault) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Warren Foegele and a conditional third-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas via Carolina; 91st overall, Senators selected Louis-Felix Bourque) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo, later traded to Toronto) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a conditional third-round pick (the better of Ottawa or Washington's third-round picks, previously acquired from Washington; 80th overall, Kings selected Blake Zielinski) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Garrett Wilson to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Jack Thompson from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Jett Woo.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired center Nic Dowd from the Washington Capitals for goaltender Jesper Vikman, a second-round pick in the 2029 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.

Mar 4, 2026
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Nick Blankenburg from the Nashville Predators for a fifth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Tyler Myers from the Vancouver Canucks for a second-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2029 NHL Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired centers Jason Dickinson (50% salary retained) and Colton Dach from the Chicago Blackhawks for center Andrew Mangiapane and a conditional (top-twelve protected) first-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Louis Domingue to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Viggo Gustafsson to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Kiefer Sherwood to a five-year contract extension.
Utah Mammoth: Acquired defenseman MacKenzie Weegar from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Olli Määttä, center Jonathan Castagna and three second-round picks (two previously acquired from the New York Rangers and Ottawa, one later traded to Chicago, another later traded to Carolina; 55th overall, Flames selected Alan Shaikhlislamov) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Ethen Frank to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 3, 2026
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Michael McCarron from the Nashville Predators for a second-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired left wing Cole Smith from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Christoffer Sedoff and a third-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft.

Mar 2, 2026
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Connor Murphy (50% salary retained) from the Chicago Blackhawks for a second-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Matyas Melovsky to a two-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Gustav Olofsson to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 1, 2026
Minnesota Wild: Claimed center Robby Fabbri off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Boris Katchouk from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman Roman Schmidt.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Ryden Evers to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Alex Weiermair to a three-year contract.

Feb 26, 2026
New York Rangers: Claimed center Tye Kartye off waivers from the Seattle Kraken.

Feb 24, 2026
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Brett Kulak from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Samuel Girard and a second-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Julien Gauthier from the New York Islanders for right wing Matt Luff.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Ryan Winterton to a two-year contract extension; signed center Ben Meyers to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 23, 2026
Nashville Predators: Signed center Jake Lucchini to a one-year contract.

Feb 21, 2026
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Olivier Rodrigue to a one-year contract.

Feb 17, 2026
San Jose Sharks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Jeff Skinner.   
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Mitchell Gibson to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 16, 2026
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Brandon Bussi to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 6, 2026
Florida Panthers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Joshua Davies.
New Jersey Devils: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Juho Lammikko.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed center Jack Finley off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Feb 4, 2026
Florida Panthers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Ryan McAllister.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Artemi Panarin from the New York Rangers for right wing Liam Greentree, a conditional third-round pick (the better of Dallas or Los Angeles' third-round picks; 81st overall, Rangers selected Tomas Chrenko) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas) in the 2028 NHL Draft; signed left wing Artemi Panarin to a two-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Nick Bjugstad from the St. Louis Blues for center Thomas Bordeleau and a conditional fourth-round pick (own or previously acquired from Dallas or Winnipeg; previously acquired from Dallas; 123rd overall, Blues selected Vladimir Proskurin) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with goaltender Filip Larsson.
St. Louis Blues: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Samuel Johannesson.

Feb 2, 2026
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Jeremie Poirier from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Gavin White.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Atro Leppänen to a one-year contract.

Feb 1, 2026
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Sheldon Dries to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 30, 2026
New York Rangers: Claimed defenseman Vincent Iorio off waivers from the San Jose Sharks.

Jan 28, 2026
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Ben Chiarot to a three-year contract extension.

Jan 27, 2026
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Sam Malinski to a four-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Acquired left wing Ondrej Palat, a third-round pick (later traded to Toronto via St. Louis) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a sixth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils for right wing Maxim Tsyplakov.

Jan 26, 2026
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Taylor Ward to a two-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Carson Soucy from the New York Rangers for a third-round pick (77th overall, Rangers selected Charlie Morrison) in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Jan 24, 2026
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Viktor Neuchev from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Gavin Bayreuther.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Bogdan Trineyev to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 21, 2026
Boston Bruins: Signed center Alex Steeves to a two-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Josh Doan to a seven-year contract extension.

Jan 20, 2026
Dallas Stars: Claimed defenseman Vladislav Kolyachonok off waivers from the Boston Bruins.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Ilya Solovyov from the Colorado Avalanche for right wing Valtteri Puustinen and a seventh-round pick (214th overall, Avalanche selected Ondrej Ruml) in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Jan 19, 2026
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Kiefer Sherwood from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Cole Clayton, a second-round pick (41st overall, Canucks selected Niklas Aaram-Olsen) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.

Jan 18, 2026
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired defenseman Rasmus Andersson (50% salary retained) from the Calgary Flames for defensemen Zach Whitecloud and Abram Wiebe, a conditional first-round pick in the 2027, 2028 or 2029 NHL Draft and a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick if Vegas wins the Stanley Cup) in the 2028 NHL Draft.

Jan 16, 2026
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Jeffrey Viel from the Boston Bruins for a conditional fourth-round pick (the earlier of Anaheim’s two fourth-round picks; previously acquired from Detroit; later traded to Pittsburgh) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Kyle Masters and a fourth-round pick (105th overall, Hurricanes selected Mikey Berchild) in the 2026 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago) in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Uvis Balinskis to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 14, 2026
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Alexandre Texier to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 13, 2026
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Logan Mailloux to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 12, 2026
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Quinn Hutson to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender James Reimer to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Blake Lizotte to a three-year contract extension.

Jan 11, 2026
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Jonathan Aspirot to a two-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Dominik Shine to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 10, 2026
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Philip Broberg to a six-year contract extension.

Jan 8, 2026
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Laurent Brossoit, defenseman Nolan Allan and a seventh-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for defensemen Jake Furlong and Ryan Ellis and a a fourth-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft.

Jan 7, 2026
Dallas Stars: Signed center Justin Hryckowian to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 6, 2026
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Yegor Zamula to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Terminated the contract of defenseman Yegor Zamula.

Jan 5, 2026
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Juuso Valimaki from the Utah Mammoth for future considerations.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced the retirement of defenseman Jack Johnson.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Justus Annunen to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Christian Dvorak to a five-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Alexei Toropchenko to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 4, 2026
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Alexander Wennberg to a three-year contract extension.

Jan 2, 2026
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Charle-Edouard D'Astous to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Linus Karlsson to a two-year contract extension.
