Nov 12, 2023
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Joel Kiviranta to a one-year contract.

Nov 9, 2023
Pittsburgh Penguins: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Andreas Johnsson.

Nov 8, 2023
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Zach Bogosian from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Calen Addison from  the Minnesota Wild for right wing Adam Raska and a fifth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Oct 31, 2023
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of center Paul Stastny.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Sam Gagner to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of center Joe Thornton.

Oct 30, 2023
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Danton Heinen to a one-year contract.

Oct 26, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Announced the retirement of right wing Zack Kassian.

Oct 25, 2023
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Jackson Edward to a three-year contract.

Oct 21, 2023
Nashville Predators: Claimed center Liam Foudy off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.

Oct 19, 2023
Pittsburgh Penguins: Terminated the contract of right wing Karel Plasek.

Oct 17, 2023
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Jack Rathbone and right wing Karel Plasek from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Mark Friedman and center Ty Glover.

Oct 16, 2023
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Jonah Gadjovich to a one-year contract.

Oct 13, 2023
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Devon Toews to a seven-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Adam Erne to a one-year contract.

Oct 12, 2023
St. Louis Blues: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Andre Heim.

Oct 11, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Owen Power to a seven-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Justin Danforth to a one-year contract extension.

Oct 10, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed left wing Ross Johnston off waivers from the New York Islanders.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Caleb Jones from the Carolina Hurricanes for center Callahan Burke.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Beau Akey to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Noah Gregor to a one-year contract.

Oct 9, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Rasmus Dahlin to an eight-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Claimed left wing A.J. Greer off waivers from the Boston Bruins.
Colorado Avalanche: Claimed goaltender Ivan Prosvetov off waivers from the Arizona Coyotes.
Ottawa Senators: Claimed defenseman Lassi Thomson off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed defenseman John Ludvig off waivers from the Florida Panthers.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Austin Watson to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of defenseman Jake Muzzin.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Mark Scheifele and goaltender Connor Hellebuyck to seven-year contract extensions.

Oct 8, 2023
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Zach Aston-Reese to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Jachym Kondelik.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Sam Lafferty from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a fifth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Jakub Demek to a three-year contract.

Oct 7, 2023
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Ryan Hartman to a three-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Max Willman to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Colin White to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Claimed left wing Grigori Denisenko off waivers from the Florida Panthers.

Oct 6, 2023
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Saige Weinstein to a three-year contract.

Oct 5, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Jamie Drysdale to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Brady Stonehouse to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Jake Furlong to a three-year contract.

Oct 4, 2023
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Frederic Brunet to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Anthony Bitetto.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Quentin Musty to a three-year contract.

Oct 3, 2023
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of center Derek Stepan.

Oct 2, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Trevor Zegras to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Claimed left wing Samuel Fagemo off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed left wing Jansen Harkins off waivers from the Winnipeg Jets.

Oct 1, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed defenseman Lassi Thomson off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced the retirement of center Brandon Sutter.

Sep 30, 2023
San Jose Sharks: Claimed defenseman Ty Emberson off waivers from the New York Rangers.

Sep 29, 2023
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed goaltender Spencer Martin off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Marcus Foligno to a four-year contract; signed right wing Mats Zuccarallo to a two-year contract.

Sep 27, 2023
Calgary Flames: Signed center Mikael Backlund to a one-year contract extension.

Sep 26, 2023
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Carson Bjarnaso to a three-year contract.

Sep 25, 2023
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Ty Youn to a three-year contract.

Sep 24, 2023
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of goaltender Cory Schneider.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Sawyer Mynio to a three-year contract.

Sep 21, 2023
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Parker Bell to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Djibril Toure to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Colby Barlow to a three-year contract.

Sep 20, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed center Jan Jenik to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of left wing Paul Byron.

Sep 19, 2023
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Calen Addison to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Egor Sokolov to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Casey DeSmith from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Tanner Pearson and a third-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.

Sep 17, 2023
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Jujhar Khaira to a one-year contract.

Sep 13, 2023
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Jakov Novak from the Ottawa Senators for future considerations.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Keith Kinkaid to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Isaiah George to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Declan Chisholm to a one-year contract.

Sep 12, 2023
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Tomas Tatar to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of defenseman Nick Holden.

Sep 10, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Announced the retirement of left wing Andrew Ladd.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Terminated the contract of right wing Josh Archibald.

Sep 9, 2023
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Tyler Motte to a one-year contract.

Sep 7, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Liam Kirk.

Sep 6, 2023
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Jake Sanderson to an eight-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Morgan Frost to a two-year contract extension.

Sep 5, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Tristan Luneau to a three-year contract.

Sep 1, 2023
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Mitch Reinke to a one-year contract.

Aug 31, 2023
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Devin Shore to a one-year contract.

Aug 30, 2023
Washington Capitals: Announced the retirement of left wing Carl Hagelin.

Aug 28, 2023
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Simon Benoit to a one-year contract.

Aug 27, 2023
Seattle Kraken: Announced the retirement of right wing Joonas Donskoi.

Aug 24, 2023
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Evan Bouchard to a two-year contract.

Aug 23, 2023
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Alexis Lafreniere to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Darren Raddysh to a two-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Auston Matthews to a four-year contract extension.

Aug 22, 2023
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Joe Veleno to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Brandon Hagel to an eight-year contract extension.

Aug 21, 2023
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of goaltender Jonathan Bernier.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Oliver Bonk to a three-year contract.

Aug 19, 2023
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Logan Stanley to a one-year contract.

Aug 18, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Ilya Lyubushkin from the Buffalo Sabres for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Matthew Sternburg to a two-year contract.

Aug 16, 2023
Boston Bruins: Signed center John Farinacci to a two-year contract.

Aug 15, 2023
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Jeff Petry from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Gustav Lindstrom and a conditional (the later of either Detroit's or Boston's picks) fourth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.

Aug 11, 2023
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Pius Suter, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract.

Aug 10, 2023
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Caleb Jones to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Easton Cowan to a three-year contract.

Aug 9, 2023
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing David Kase from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Massimo Rizzo and a fifth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Cal Foote to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Martin Jones to a one-year contract.

Aug 7, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Alex Stalock to a one-year contract.

Aug 6, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Matt Dumba, who had been with the Minnesota Wild to a one-year contract; agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Jean-Sebastien Dea.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Jeff Petry, goaltender Casey DeSmith, right wing Nathan Legare and a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Mike Hoffman and center Rem Pitlick.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Erik Karlsson, left wing Dillon Hamaliuk and a third-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for center Mikael Granlund, right wing Mike Hoffman, defenseman Jan Rutta and a conditional first-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.

Aug 5, 2023
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Samuel Ersson to a two-year contract extension.

Aug 4, 2023
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Tom Wilson to a seven-year contract extension.

Aug 2, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Troy Terry to a seven-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Drew O'Connor to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Announced the retirement of left wing Sven Baertschi.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Rasmus Kupari to a two-year contract.

Aug 1, 2023
Boston Bruins: Re-signed left wing Trent Frederic to a two-year contract; re-signed goaltender Jeremy Swayman to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of center Carl Soderberg.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Ryan McLeod to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Brandon Scanlin to a one-year contract.

Jul 31, 2023
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Filip Gustavsson to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Jesse Ylonen to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Kevin Bahl to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Nick Abruzzese to a two-year contract.

Jul 30, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed center Jack McBain to a two-year contract.

Jul 28, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Zach Benson to a three-year contract.

Jul 27, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Logan Cooley to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Vladimir Tarasenko to a one-year contract.

Jul 26, 2023
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Samuel Honzek to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Sebastian Aho to an eight-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Ben Meyers to a one-year contract.

Jul 25, 2023
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of center Patrice Bergeron.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Samuel Savoie to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Nikolai Kovalenko to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Eetu Luostarinen to a three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Alexis Gendron to a three-year contract.

Jul 24, 2023
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Anthony DeAngelo to a one-year contract.

Jul 23, 2023
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Philipp Kurashev to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed goaltender Ilya Samsonov to a one-year contract.

Jul 21, 2023
Seattle Kraken: Re-signed defenseman Vince Dunn to a four-year contract.

Jul 19, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Noah Warren to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Tomas Nosek to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of center Nate Thompson.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Jeremie Biakabutuka to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed left wing Pavel Dorofeyev to a one-year contract; re-signed center Brett Howden to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed right wing Gabriel Vilardi to a two-year contract.

Jul 18, 2023
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Jakub Skarek to a two-year contract.

Jul 17, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Mattias Maccelli to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed defensemen Reilly Walsh and Alex Regula and goaltender Michael DiPietro to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Linus Weissbach to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Connor Bedard to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Ross Colton to a four-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman John Ludvig to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Casey Fitzgerald to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Oliver Wahlstrom to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed left wing Morgan Barron to a two-year contract.

Jul 16, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed goaltender Lukas Dostal to a two-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Ivan Prosvetov to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Brandon Duhaime to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Alexey Toropchenko to a two-year contract.

Jul 15, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Justin Kirkland to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Felix Unger Sorum to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Jared McIsaac to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Tony DeAngelo.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Ty Smith to a one-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Eduard Sale to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Tanner Jeannot to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center David Edstrom to a three-year contract.

Jul 14, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Signed Benoit-Olivier Groulx to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Zachary Sanford to a one-year contract; terminated the contract of center Alex Galchenyuk.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Brett Murray to a one-year contract; signed center Anton Wahlberg to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Riley Damiani to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Wyatt Newpower to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Raphael Lavoie to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jakub Dvorak to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Chris Tierney to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Jonathan Gruden to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Emil Pieniniemi to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Dalibor Dvorsky to a three-year contract.

Jul 13, 2023
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Ty Dellandrea to a one-year contract. 
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Lucas Condotta to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Nicolas Beaudin to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Ty Emberson to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Olle Lycksell to a two-year contract.

Jul 12, 2023
Boston Bruins: Signed center Jesper Boqvist to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Leo Carlsson to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Nate Danielson to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Oskar Sundqvist to a one-year contract; announced the retirement of goaltender Thomas Greiss.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Kasper Halttunen to a three-year contract.

Jul 11, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Travis Dermott to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Marc McLaughlin to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Brendan Lemieux to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Alex Newhook to a four-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Denis Gurianov to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman K'Andre Miller to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Kevin Mandolese to a one-year contract.

Jul 10, 2023
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Ian Mitchell to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Cam York and center Noah Cates to two-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Filip Zadina to a one-year contract.

Jul 9, 2023
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired left wing Alex DeBrincat from the Ottawa Senators for left wing Dominik Kubalik, defenseman Donovan Sebrango, a conditional first-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Signed left wing Alex DeBrincat to a four-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Re-signed defenseman Cale Fleury to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Nils Hoglander to a two-year contract.

Jul 8, 2023
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender John Lethemon to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Akil Thomas to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Aleksei Kolosov to a three-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed right wing Kole Lind to a one-year contract.

Jul 7, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed center Nathan Smith to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Filip Zadina.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Tobias Bjornfot to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Andy Andreoff.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Andreas Johnsson and right wing Vinnie Hinostroza to one-year contracts.
Seattle Kraken: Re-signed defenseman William Borgen to a two-year contract; signed center Pierre-Edouard Bellemare to a one-year contract.

Jul 6, 2023
Calgary Flames: Signed centers Mathias Emilio Pettersen and Benjamin Jones to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Anze Kopitar to a two-year contract extension; signed center Tyler Madden and left wing Samuel Fagemo to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Kalan Lind and defenseman Tanner Molendyk to three-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Zack MacEwen, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Hugh McGing to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Andrew Cristall to a three-year contract.

Jul 5, 2023
Boston Bruins: Re-signed left wing Jakub Lauko to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Kyle Keyser to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of defenseman Michael Stone.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Dylan Coghlan to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of center Darren Helm.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Rasmus Asplund to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman David Reinbacher to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Julien Gauthier, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a two-year contract; signed center Brian Pinho and right wing Karson Kuhlman to one-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Ronnie Attard to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Victor Mete to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Leon Gawanke to a one-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Tucker Robertson to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Chase Priskie to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Dylan Samberg to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Domenic DiVincenntiis to a three-year contract.

Jul 4, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Robert Hagg to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Kale Clague to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Derrick Pouliot to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Oliver Rodrigue to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Mitchell Stephens to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Travis Hamonic to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Martin Fehervary to a three-year contract; signed right wing Riley Sutter to a one-year contract.

Jul 3, 2023
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Brady Lyle, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Griffin Mendel to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Nicholas Caamano and center Scott Reedy to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Nolan Stevens to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Rafael Harvey-Pinard to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Jasper Weatherby to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Marc Staal, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Will Butcher to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Nathan Todd to a two-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Connor Carrick to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Dylan Gambrell, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Alex Limoges to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed left wing Axel Jonsson-Fjallby to a two-year contract.

Jul 2, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing John Leonard, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Montana Onyebuchi to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Dryden Hunt to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jordan Oesterle, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Colton Poolman and right wing Martin Pospisil to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender Justus Annunen and defenseman Jack Johnson to one-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Gavin Bayreuther to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Christian Fischer, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Ben Gleason, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Evan Rodrigues, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a four-year contract; signed right wing William Lockwood, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract; signed center Gerald Mayhew to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Joe Hicketts to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Patrick Maroon (20% salary retained) and right wing Maxim Cajkovic from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Lias Andersson to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Mac Hollowell to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Magnus Hellberg and center Radim Zohorna to one-year contracts; signed right wing Marc Johnstone to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Leon Gawanke from the Winnipeg Jets for defenseman Artemi Knyazev.
Seattle Kraken: Signed right wing Kailer Yamamoto to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Calvin de Haan to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Tyler Bertuzzi, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract;
signed left wing Max Domi, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Akito Hirose to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Jiri Patera to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Matthew Phillips to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Dylan McIlrath to a two-year contract.

Jul 1, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Alex Killorn, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a four-year contract; signed defenseman Radko Gudas, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Trevor Carrick, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Nick Bjugstad, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Alexander Kerfoot, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Jason Zucker, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Troy Stecher, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed center Alex Galchenyuk, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Travis Barron and goaltender Matt Villalta to one-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing James van Riemsdyk, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Milan Lucic, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; signed center Patrick Brown, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a two-year contract; signed center Morgan Geekie, who had been with the Seattle Kraken, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Luke Toporowski to a two-year contract; signed center Jayson Megna, defenseman Parker Wotherspoon and left wing Anthony Richard to one-year contracts; bought out the contract of defenseman Mike Reilly.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Connor Clifton, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a three-year contract; re-signed center Tyson Jost to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Erik Johnson, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; signed goaltenders Dustin Tokarski and Devin Cooley and center Justin Richards to one-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Jesper Fast to a two-year contract; re-signed goaltender Frederik Andersen to a two-year contract; re-signed goaltender Antti Raanta to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Dmitry Orlov, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Michael Bunting, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Ryan Donato, who had been with the Seattle Kraken, to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Bowen Byram to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Andrew Cogliano to a one-year contract; signed left wing Miles Wood, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a six-year contract; signed left wing Jonathan Drouin, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Corey Schueneman, left wing Riley Tufte, right wing Chris Wagner and goaltender Arvid Holm to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Jack Ahcan to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Adam Fantilli to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Matt Duchene to a one-year contract; signed center Sam Steel, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Craig Smith, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Joel Hanley to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center J.T. Compher, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a five-year contract; signed goaltender Alex Lyon, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Justin Holl, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender James Reimer, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Daniel Sprong, who had been with the Seattle Kraken, to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Klim Kostin to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Shayne Gostisbehere, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Brogan Rafferty, who had been with the Seattle Kraken, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Gustav Lindstrom and right wing Matt Luff to one-year contracts; signed left wing Tim Gettinger to a one-year contract; bought out the contract of right wing Kailer Yamamoto.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Connor Brown, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Drake Caggiula and center Lane Pederson to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Noel Hoefenmayer to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Mike Reilly, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Niko Mikkola, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a three-year contract; re-signed left wing Grigori Denisenko to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Dmitry Kulikov and Lucas Carlsson, goaltender Anthony Stolarz and centers Kevin Stenlund and Alex True to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Andreas Englund, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract; re-signed center Jaret Anderson-Dolan to a one-year contract; signed goaltenders Cam Talbot and David Rittich, center Mikhail Maltsev, right wing Trevor Lewis and defenseman Steven Santini to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Vinni Lettieri, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Jacob Lucchini to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Philippe Maillet and defenseman Brady Keeper to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Alexandre Carrier to a one-year contract; signed center Ryan O'Reilly, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a four-year contract; signed defenseman Luke Schenn, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a three-year contract; signed left wing Gustav Nyquist, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract; re-signed center Cody Glass to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Troy Grosenick to a one-year contract; signed center Anthony Angello to a two-year contract; bought out the contract of center Matt Duchene.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Colin Miller from the Dallas Stars for a fifth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Erik Kallgren, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Nathan Bastian to a two-year contract; signed center Justin Dowling, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed center Kyle Criscuolo to a one-year contract; re-signed center Michael McLeod to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Ilya Sorokin to an eight-year contract extension; re-signed defenseman Scott Mayfield and right wing Pierre Engvall to seven-year contracts; re-signed goaltender Semyon Varlamov to a four-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Riley Nash, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; signed center Alex Belzile, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Jonathan Quick, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Blake Wheeler, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Erik Gustafsson, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed center Nick Bonino, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Tyler Pitlick and defensemen Nikolas Brouillard and Connor Mackey to one-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Joonas Korpisalo, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a five-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jacob Bernard-Docker to a two-year contract; signed centers Rourke Chartier and Garrett Pilon, right wing Josh Currie and left wings Matthew Highmore and Bokondji Imama to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Garnet Hathaway, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed center Rhett Gardner,who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Ryan Poehling to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Ryan Graves, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a six-year contract; re-signed goaltender Tristan Jarry to a five-year contract; signed center Noel Acciari, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a three-year contract; signed center Lars Eller, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Joona Koppanen, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Matt Nieto, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Ryan Shea and goaltender Alex Nedeljkovic to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Malcolm Subban and defensemen Josh Jacobs and Wyatt Kalynuk to one-year contracts; signed left wing Mackenzie MacEachern, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Anthony Duclair from the Florida Panthers for right wing Steven Lorentz and a fifth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; re-signed goaltender Mackenzie Blackwood and right wing Fabian Zetterlund to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Kyle Burroughs, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a three-year contract; signed right wing Scott Sabourin to a two-year contract; signed left wing Givani Smith, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Ryan Carpenter to a one-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center John Hayden, left wing Marian Studenic and defenseman Jimmy Schuldt to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Brian Dumoulin, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Conor Sheary, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a three-year contract; signed right wing Josh Archibald, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Jonas Johansson, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed center Luke Glendening, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract; signed center Logan Brown and right wing Mitchell Chaffee to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Ryan Reaves, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman John Klingberg, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed defensemen Maxime Lajoie, Marshall Rifai and William Lagesson to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Artur Akhtyamov to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Carson Soucy, who had been with the Seattle Kraken, to a three-year contract; signed defensemen Ian Cole and Matt Irwin, goaltender Zach Sawchenko and center Teddy Blueger to one-year contracts; signed center Tristen Nielsen to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wings Mason Geertsen and Gage Quinney and center Mason Morelli to two-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Joel Edmundson (50% salary retained) from the Montreal Canadiens for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota) and a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft; signed left wing Max Pacioretty, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Pierrick Dube to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Hunter Shepard to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Vladislav Namestnikov to a two-year contract; signed goaltenders Laurent Brossoit and Collin Delia and left wing Jeffrey Viel to one-year contracts; bought out the contract of right wing Blake Wheeler.

Jun 30, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Cameron Crotty to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Corey Perry to a one-year contract extension; bought out the contract of right wing Josh Bailey.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Marcus Bjork to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Jerad Rosburg to a one-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Mattias Janmark to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of right wing Patric Hornqvist.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Taylor Ward to a one-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Nick Swaney, defenseman Dakota Mermis and goaltender Zane McIntyre to one-year contract extensions.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Tyler Tucker to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Jacob Peterson and goaltender Eetu Makiniemi to one-year contract extensions; announced the retirement of defenseman Markus Nutivaara.
Seattle Kraken: Signed goaltender Joey Daccord to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Noah Juulsen to a two-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Adin Hill to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 29, 2023
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Corey Perry from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Josh Bailey and a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the New York Islanders for future considerations.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a seventh-round pick (224th overall, Blue Jackets selected Tyler Peddle) from the Vegas Golden Knights for a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired a third-round pick (79th overall, Stars selected Brad Gardiner) in the 2023 NHL Draft for third- and sixth-round picks in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired right wing Kailer Yamamoto and left wing Klim Kostin from the Edmonton Oilers for future considerations.
Nashville Predators: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 43rd overall, Predators selected Felix Nilsson) in the 2023 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for second- and fifth-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 47th and 147th overall, Red Wings selected Brady Cleveland and Kevin Bicker) in the 2023 NHL Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (218th overall, Predators selected Aiden Fink) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils for a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Shane Bowers to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 90th overall, Rangers selected Drew Fortescue) in the 2023 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 91st overall, Penguins selected Emil Pieniniemi) in the 2023 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Erik Brannstrom to a one-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 51st overall, Flyers selected Carson Bjarnason) in the 2023 NHL Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for a sixth-round pick (167th overall, Blackhawks selected Milton Oscarsson) in the 2023 NHL Draft and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 71st overall, Sharks selected Brandon Svoboda) in the 2023 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for third- and fourth-round picks (the first one previously acquired from Carolina; 94th and 100th overall, Hurricanes selected Jayden Perron and Alexander Rykov) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 115th overall, Lightning selected Jayson Shaugabay) in the 2023 NHL Draft for a fourth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 206th overall, Capitals selected Antoine Keller) in the 2023 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Brayden Pachal to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 28, 2023
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Yegor Sharangovich to a two-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Ross Colton from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 37th overall, Lightning selected Ethan Gauthier) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Timo Meier to an eight-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Reilly Smith from the Vegas Golden Knights for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Vegas) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center David Kampf to a four-year contract extension; signed center Pontus Holmberg to a two-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Ivan Barbashev to a five-year contract extension.

Jun 27, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Andrew Agozzino from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Andrej Sustr.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Ryan McGregor to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Nick Foligno to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Trey Fix-Wolansky to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Evgeni Dadonov to a two-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Pierre-Luc Dubois from the Winnipeg Jets for centers Gabriel Vilardi and Rasmus Kupari, left wing Alex Iafallo and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Alex Newhook from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Gianni Fairbrother and first- and second-round picks (the former previously acquired from Florida, the latter later traded to Tampa Bay; 31st overall, Avalanche selected Mikhail Gulyayev) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Jake Livingstone to a two-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right wing Tyler Toffoli from the Calgary Flames for right wing Yegor Sharangovich and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary via Seattle and Columbus; 80th overall, Flames selected Aydar Suniev) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Kevin Hayes (50% salary retained) from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Mackenzie Blackwood from the New Jersey Devils for a sixth-round pick (164th overall, Devils selected Cole Brown) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Gustav Olofsson to a two-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Pierre-Luc Dubois to an eight-year contract extension.

Jun 26, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Jeremy Davies to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wings Taylor Hall and Nick Foligno from the Boston Bruins for defensemen Ian Mitchell and Alec Regula.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Shane Bowers from the Boston Bruins for defenseman Reilly Walsh.

Jun 25, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Connor Ingram to a three-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jordan Staal to a four-year contract extension.

Jun 24, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Sean Durzi from the Los Angeles Kings for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Ryan Johansen (50% salary retained) from the Nashville Predators for center Alex Galchenyuk.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Louis Belpedio to a two-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Scott Perunovich to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 23, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Joseph Cecconi to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Carson Meyer to a one-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Hunter Jones to a one-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Erik Haula to a three-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Ashton Sautner to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 22, 2023
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Joey Anderson to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 21, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Michael Carcone to a two-year contract extension; bought out the contracts of defenseman Patrik Nemeth and right wing Zack Kassian.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Mathieu Olivier to a two-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Adam Gaudette to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Gabriel Fortier to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 20, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Steven Kampfer to a one-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Lukas Rousek to a two-year contract extension; signed center Zemgus Girgensons to a one-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Sean Monahan to a one-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Samuel Bolduc to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Valtteri Puustinen to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 19, 2023
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Brandon Bussi to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 16, 2023
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Zac Jones to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Bought out the contract of defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson.

Jun 15, 2023
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Fredrik Olofsson from the Dallas Stars for future considerations; signed left wing Fredrik Olofsson to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Matt Murray to a one-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Jesper Bratt to an eight-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Oskar Pettersson to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Fabian Wagner to a three-year contract.

Jun 14, 2023
Calgary Flames: Signed center Clark Bishop to a two-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Joshua Donne to a one-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of center Noah Philp.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Cole Koepke to a one-year contract.

Jun 13, 2023
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Derek Ryan to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 12, 2023
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Ludovic Waeber to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Filip Bystedt to a three-year contract.

Jun 11, 2023
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Jani Nyman to a three-year contract.

Jun 9, 2023
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Damon Severson from the New Jersey Devils for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary via Seattle, later traded back to Calgary) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Damon Severson to an eight-year contract extension.

Jun 7, 2023
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Andreas Athanasiou to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Alex Petrovic to a one-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Vladislav Gavrikov to a two-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Eetu Liukas to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Anton Blidh to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 6, 2023
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Oscar Dansk to a one-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Wyatt Aamodt to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Kevin Connauton from the Philadelphia Flyers for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles; 22nd overall, Flyers selected Oliver Bonk) in the 2023 NHL Draft and a conditional second-round pick in the 2024/2025 NHL Draft (to be decided after the first round of the 2024 NHL Draft); acquired defenseman Ivan Provorov from the Los Angeles Kings for defenseman Kevin Connauton.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Fredrik Karlstrom to a one-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Ivan Provorov and right wing Hayden Hodgson from the Philadelphia Flyers for goaltender Cal Petersen, defensemen Sean Walker and Helge Grans and a second-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft. 

Jun 5, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Patrik Koch to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Jacob  Christiansen to a one-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Cole Caufield to an eight-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Sean Day to a one-year contract extension; signed right wing Waltteri Merela to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Emil Martinsen Lilleberg to a two-year contract.

Jun 2, 2023
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Michael Pezzetta to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 1, 2023
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Carl Lindbom to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2023
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Justin Robidas to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Jayden Grubbe from the New York Rangers for a fifth-round pick (152nd overall, Rangers selected Rasmus Larsson) in the 2023 NHL Draft; signed center Jayden Grubbe to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jett Woo to a one-year contract extension.

May 30, 2023
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Nathan Clurman to a one-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Philip Kemp to a two-year contract extension.

May 27, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Ryan Johnson to a two-year contract.

May 25, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Vsevolod Komarov to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Nikolas Matinpalo to a one-year contract.

May 24, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Kyle Okposo to a one-year contract extension.

May 19, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Nikita Novikov to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Daylan Kuefler to a three-year contract; signed left wing Kyle MacLean to a one-year contract.

May 15, 2023
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Vyacheslav Peksa to a three-year contract.

May 11, 2023
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Ty Nelson to a three-year contract.

May 10, 2023
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Mason Lohrei to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Arvid Soderblom to a two-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Mathias Laferriere to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Matt Tomkins to a two-year contract.

May 8, 2023
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Mackie Samoskevich to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Andre Heim to a one-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed goaltender Niklas Kokko to a three-year contract.

May 6, 2023
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Lian Bichsel to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Jonathan Lekkerimaki to a three-year contract.

May 5, 2023
Boston Bruins: Signed center Matthew Poitras to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Fedor Svechkov to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Jiri Smejkal to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Michael Eyssimont to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Michael Sgarbossa to a two-year contract extension.

May 4, 2023
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Dmitri Voronkov to a two-year contract.

May 3, 3023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Aku Raty to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of defenseman Mark Borowiecki.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Georgi Romanov and defenseman Valtteri Pulli to two-year contracts.

May 2, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Viktor Neuchev to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Marcus Johansson to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Yegor Zamula to a one-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed goaltender Ales Stezka to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Alexander Alexeyev to a two-year contract extension.

May 1, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Maksymilian Szuber to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Daniil Misyul to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Hudson Fasching to a two-year contract extension; signed right wing Matthew Maggio to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Maxim Groshev to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Ivan Miroshnichenko to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed right wing Nikita Chibrikov to a three-year contract.

Apr 29, 2023
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Alexander Nylander to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 28, 2023
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Leo Loof to a three-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed right wing Jagger Firkus to a three-year contract.

Apr 27, 2023
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Hary Haman Aktell to a one-year contract.

Apr 24, 2023
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Walker Duehr to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Justin Braun.

Apr 22, 2023
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Erik Portillo to a two-year contract.

Apr 19, 2023
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Elias Pettersson to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Dominic Toninato to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 18, 2023
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Uvis Balinskis to a one-year contract.

Apr 16, 2023
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Cam Dineen to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Michael McCarron and left wing Kiefer Sherwood to one-year contract extensions.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Tyler Brennan to a three-year contract.

Apr 15, 2023
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Domenick Fensore to a two-year contract.

Apr 14, 2023
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Ethan Cardwell and defenseman Artem Guryev to two-year contracts.

Apr 13, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of goaltender Craig Anderson.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Frederick Gaudreau to a five-year contract extension.

Apr 12, 2023
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Yaniv Perets to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Callahan Burke to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Michael Benning to a three-year contract.

Apr 11, 2023
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Drew Commesso to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Jarred Tinordi to a one-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Logan Morrison to a three-year contract.

Apr 10, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Jackson LaCombe to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Magnus Chrona to a two-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center David Goyette to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Jesper Vikman to a three-year contract.

Apr 9, 2023
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Alex Laferriere to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Brock Faber to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Matthew Knies to a three-year contract.

Apr 8, 2023
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Luke Hughes to a three-year contract.

Apr 7, 2023
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Mitchell Gibson to a one-year contract.

Apr 5, 2023
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Joel Blomqvist to a three-year contract.

Apr 4, 2023
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Yegor Chinakhov to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Cole McWard to a two-year contract.

Apr 3, 2023
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Gavin Hayes to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Ryan McAllister to a three-year contract.

Apr 2, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Judd Caulfield to a two-year contract.

Mar 31, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Judd Caulfield from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Thimo Nickl.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Jakub Dobes to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Josh Filmon to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defensemen Travis Mitchell and Aidan Fulp to two-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Nikita Tolopilo to a two-year contract.

Mar 30, 2023
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Ondrej Pavel and defenseman Sam Malinski to two-year contracts.

Mar 29, 2023
Boston Bruins: Signed center Trevor Kuntar to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing William Stromgren to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Brett Seney to a one-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Jason Polin to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Matthew Seminoff to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Jake Livingstone to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Filip Chytil to a four-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Nikolai Knyzhov to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Akito Hirose to a one-year contract.

Mar 28, 2023
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Antti Saarela to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Carter Mazur to a three-year contract.

Mar 27, 2023
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman William Wallinder to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Zac Dalpe to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Emil Andrae to a three-year contract.

Mar 26, 2023
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Matthew Coronato to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Sean Farrell to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Max Sasson to a two-year contract.

Mar 25, 2023
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Paul Ludwinski to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Cole Krygier to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Henry Thrun to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Parker Ford to a two-year contract.

Mar 23, 2023
New York Rangers: Signed center Bryce McConnell-Barker to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Tyler Kleven to a thrre-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Christian Wolanin to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 22, 2023
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Carl Berglund to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of center Brian Boyle.

Mar 21, 2023
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Brett Berard to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Maxwell Crozier to a two-year contract.

Mar 20, 2023
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Hunter McKown to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Cole Krygier fro the Florida Panthers for future considerations.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Ville Ottavainen to a three-year contract.

Mar 19, 2023
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Antti Tuomisto to a two-year contract.

Mar 18, 2023
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Chase Wheatcroft to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Jake Chiasson to a three-year contract.

Mar 17, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Devon Levi to a three-year contract.

Mar 16, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Josh Doan to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Cameron Butler to a three-year contract.

Mar 15, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Nikita Nesterenko to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Jayden Struble to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Ryan Tverberg to a three-year contract.

Mar 14, 2023
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Wyatt Kaiser to a three-year contract.

Mar 13, 2023
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Ryder Rolston to a three-year contract-
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Marek Alscher to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Mark Jankowski to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Aidan McDonough to a two-year contract.

Mar 12, 2023
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Phillip Di Giuseppe to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 11, 2023
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Trevor van Riemsdyk to a three-year contract extension.

Mar 10, 2023
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Kristians Rubins from the Ottawa Senators for future considerations.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Jack Dugan from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Zack Hayes.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Kyle McDonald to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Jayce Hawryluk from the Ottawa Senators for future considerations.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Kirill Kudryavtsev to a three-year contract.

Mar 9, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Steven Kampfer from the Detroit Red Wings for future considerations.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Luke Philp to a one-year contract extension; agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Pavel Gogolev.

Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Kyle Masters to a three-year contract.

Mar 8, 2023
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Christian Kyrou to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Anthony Angello from the St. Louis Blues for future considerations.

Mar 7, 2023
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Corson Ceulemans to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Will Zmolek to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Guillaume Brisebois to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 6, 2023
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman David Spacek to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Anton Malmstrom to a two-year contract.

Mar 3, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Chase Priskie from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Austin Strand.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Jordan Greenway from the Minnesota Wild for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Vegas; 64th overall, Wild selected Riley Heidt) in the 2023 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Troy Stecher and left wing Nick Ritchie from the Arizona Coyotes for right wing Brett Ritchie and defenseman Connor Mackey.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Austin Wagner from the Los Angeles Kings for future considerations.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Gustav Rydahl from the New York Rangers for left wing Anton Blidh.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Scott Reedy from the San Jose Sharks for center Jacob Peterson.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Alex Chiasson and goaltender John Lethemon to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Nate Schnarr from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Frederic Allard; acquired center Zack MacEwen from the Philadelphia Flyers for left wing Brendan Lemieux and a fifth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman John Klingberg (50% salary retained) from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Andrej Sustr, center Nikita Nesterenko and a fourth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired center Oskar Sundqvist from the Detroit Red Wings for a fourth-round pick (117th overall, Red Wings selected Larry Keenan) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Nick Bonino from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Arvid Henrikson.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Rasmus Asplund from the Buffalo Sabres for a seventh-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Kevin Lankinen and defenseman Dante Fabbro to one-year contract extensions.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Curtis Lazar from the Vancouver Canucks for a fourth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Wyatt Kalynuk from the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Patrick Brown from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick (172nd overall, Flyers selected Ryan MacPherson) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Tony Sund from the San Jose Sharks for a conditional fourth-/fifth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick (later traded to Washington) in the 2023 NHL Draft; acquired center Nick Bonino (50% salary retained) from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Tony Sund; acquired defenseman Dmitry Kulikov (50% salary retained) from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing Brock McGinn and a third-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft;  
St. Louis Blues: Acquired left wing Jakub Vrana (50% salary retained) from the Detroit Red Wings for center Dylan McLaughlin and a seventh-round pick in the 205 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Radim Zohorna from the Calgary Flames for left wing Dryden Hunt.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Nicolas Aube-Kubel to a one-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired left wing Vladislav Namestnikov from the San Jose Sharks for a fourth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.

Mar 2, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Dylan Sikura from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Maxim Golod; signed right wing Jaxsen Wiebe to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Tyler Bertuzzi (50% salary retained) from the Detroit Red Wings for a conditional first-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed right wing David Pastrnak to an eight-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Anders Bjork from the Buffalo Sabres for future considerations.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired goaltender Jon Gillies from the Arizona Coyotes for right wing Jakub Voracek and a sixth-round pick (162nd overall, Coyotes selected Samu Bau) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Max Domi and goaltender Dylan Wells from the Chicago Blackhawks for goaltender Anton Khudobin and a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Gavin White to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Nick Bjugstad (50% salary retained) and defenseman Cam Dineen from the Arizona Coyotes for defenseman Michael Kesselring and a third-round pick (88th overall, Coyotes selected Vadim Moroz) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltenders Evan Fitzpatrick and Jean-Francois Berube to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Hunter Haight to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Dylan Ferguson to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Samuel Blais to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Derrick Pouliot to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired goaltender Jonathan Quick (50% salary retained) from the Columbus Blue Jackets for goaltender Michael Hutchinson and a seventh-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Christoffer Sedoff to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Ethen Frank to a one-year contract.

Mar 1, 2023
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Shayne Gostisbehere from the Arizona Coyotes for a third-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Lars Eller (31% salary retained) from the Washington Capitals for a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Dylan Larkin to an eight-year contract extension; signed center Alexandre Doucet to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired goaltender Joonas Korpisalo and defenseman Vladislav Gavrikov from the Columbus Blue Jackets for goaltender Jonathan Quick, a conditional first-round pick (two second-round picks in the 2023 and 2024 NHL Drafts if Los Angeles does not qualify for the 2023 NHL playoffs, condition not fulfilled; later traded to Philadelphia) in the 2023 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft; acquired goaltender Erik Portillo from the Buffalo Sabres for a third-round pick (86th overall, Sabres selected Gavin McCarthy) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Caedan Bankier to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Xavier Simoneau to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Tristan Lennox to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Jacob Chychrun from the Arizona Coyotes for a conditional first-round pick (a first-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft if it happens to be located in the top 5, condition not fulfilled; 12th overall, Coyotes selected Daniil But) in the 2023 NHL Draft, a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft if Ottawa advances to the Eastern Conference Final) in the 2024 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center Mikael Granlund from the Nashville Predators for a second-round pick (46th overall, Predators selected Kalan Lind) in the 2023 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Isaac Belliveau to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Michael Buchinger to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Vladislav Namestnikov (50% salary retained) from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Michael Eyssimont.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Filip Hronek and a fourth-round pick (105th overall, Canucks selected Ty Mueller) in the 2023 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for a conditional first-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 17th overall, Red Wings selected Axel Sandin Pellikka) in the 2023 NHL Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to Nashville) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired center Teddy Blueger from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Peter Diliberatore and a third-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Ryan Hofer to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Evan Cormier to a one-year contract.

Feb 28, 2023
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed defenseman Scott Harrington off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired left wing Patrick Kane (50% salary retained) from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Vili Saarijarvi.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Jesse Puljujarvi from the Edmonton Oilers for left wing Patrik Puistola.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Jake Walman to a three-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Mattias Ekholm (4% salary retained) and a sixth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Tyson Barrie, left wing Reid Schaefer, a first-round pick (24th overall, Predators selected Tanner Molendyk) in the 2023 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired right wing Gustav Nyquist (50% salary retained) from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 156th overall, Blue Jackets selected Melvin Strahl) in the 2023 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Marcus Johansson from the Washington Capitals for a third-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Austin Rueschhoff from the New York Rangers for future considerations.
New York Islanders: Acquired left wing Pierre Engvall from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a third-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Patrick Kane (50% salary retained) from the Arizona Coyotes for a conditional third-round pick (the higher of either the Rangers' own pick or the one previously acquired from Dallas) in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Cooper Zech from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Andy Welinski, a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick in the 2024 or 2025 NHL Draft if the Rangers advance to the Eastern Conference Final, condition not fulfilled; 55th overall, Blackhawks selected Martin Misiak) in the 2023 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Henry Thrun from the Anaheim Ducks for a third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Luke Schenn from the Vancouver Canucks for a third-round pick (89th overall, Canucks selected Sawyer Mynio) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Rasmus Sandin from the Toronto Maple Leafs for defenseman Erik Gustafsson and a first-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 28th overall, Maple Leafs selected Easton Cowan) in the 2023 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Nick Jensen to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 27, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Riley Stillman from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Josh Bloom; signed goaltender Michael Houser to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Jake McCabe (50% salary retained), center Sam Lafferty, a conditional fifth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft and a conditional fifth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft for right wing Joey Anderson, left wing Pavel Gogolev, a conditional first-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Feb 26, 2023
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Jack Johnson from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Andreas Englund.
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing Evgeni Dadonov (50% salary retained) from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Denis Gurianov.
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Isaac Ratcliffe from the Philadelphia Flyers for future considerations.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wings Timo Meier (50% salary retained) and Timur Ibragimov, defensemen Scott Harrington and Santeri Hatakka, goaltender Zacharie Emond and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado) in the 2024 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for left wing Andreas Johnsson, right wing Fabian Zetterlund, defensemen Nikita Okhotiuk and Shakir Mukhamadullin, a conditional first-round pick (26th overall, Sharks selected Quenti Musty) in the 2023 NHL Draft, a conditional second-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft. 
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired right wing Tanner Jeannot from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Cal Foote, a conditional first-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft, a second-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft and third- (83rd overall, Predators selected Dylan MacKinnon), fourth- (later traded back to Tampa Bay), and fifth-round (later traded to Detroit) picks in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired center Ivan Barbashev from the St. Louis Blues for center Zach Dean.

Feb 25, 2023
Boston Bruins: Acquired center Shane Bowers from the Colorado Avalanche for goaltender Keith Kinkaid.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Keaton Middleton to a two-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed right wing Kasperi Kapanen off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Vitali Kravtsov from the New York Rangers for right wing William Lockwood and a seventh-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired left wing Nino Niederreiter from the Nashville Predators for a second-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.

Feb 23, 2023
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Dmitry Orlov (50% salary retained) from the Minnesota Wild for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Columbus) in the 2023 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Garnet Hathaway and center Andrei Svetlakov from the Washington Capitals for right wing Craig Smith, a first-round pick (later traded to Toronto) in the 2023 NHL Draft, a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Josiah Slavin from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Hunter Drew.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing David Gust to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Dmitry Orlov (50% salary retained) from the Washington Capitals for center Andrei Svetlakov.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed center Chris Tierney off waivers from the Florida Panthers.

Feb 22, 2023
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Nikita Zaitsev, a second-round pick (44th overall, Blackhawks selected Roman Kantserov) in the 2023 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for future considerations.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired defenseman Dysin Mayo from the Arizona Coyotes for defenseman Shea Weber and a fifth-round pick (160th overall, Coyotes selected Justin Kipkie) in the 2023 NHL Draft.

Feb 19, 2023
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Tyler Motte from the Ottawa Senators for right wing Julien Gauthier and a conditional seventh-round pick (a sixth-round pick if the Rangers advance to the second round of the 2023 NHL playoffs, condition not fulfilled; 215th overall, Senators selected Nicholas Vantassell) in the 2023 NHL Draft.

Feb 17, 2023
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Ryan O'Reilly (50% salary retained) from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Josh Pillar.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Ryan O'Reilly (50% salary retained) from the Minnesota Wild for a fourth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired center Noel Acciari and defenseman Josh Pillar from the St. Louis Blues for right wing Adam Gaudette, center Mikhail Abramov, first- and third-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Ottawa; 25th and 76th overall, Blues selected Otto Stenberg and Juraj Pekarcik) in the 2023 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.

Feb 16, 2023
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Olli Maatta to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 15, 2023
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Michael Anderson to an eight-year contract extension.

Feb 10, 2023
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Josh Mahura to a one-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Pheonix Copley to a one-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Jordan Harris to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Linus Hogberg.

Feb 9, 2023
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Vladimir Tarasenko (50% salary retained) and defenseman Niko Mikkola from the St. Louis Blues for right wing Samuel Blais, defenseman Hunter Skinner, a conditional first-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas; 29th overall, Blues selected Theo Lindstein) in the 2023 NHL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if the Rangers reach the 2023 playoffs) in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Conor Timmins to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 8, 2023
Nashville Predators: Signed center Thomas Novak to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 7, 2023
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Dylan Cozens to a seven-year contract extension.

Feb 6, 2023
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Cole Smith to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 5, 2023
New York Islanders: Signed center Bo Horvat to an eight-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Acquired defenseman Jaycob Megna from the San Jose Sharks for a conditional fourth-round (previously acquired from Colorado; Sharks selected Luca Cagnoni) pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.

Feb 4, 2023
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Sonny Milano to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 3, 2023
Washington Capitals: Signed center Dylan Strome to a five-year contract extension.

Feb 1, 2023
Detroit Red Wings: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with goaltender Juho Olkinuora.

Jan 31, 2023
Florida Panthers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Anton Levtchi.

Jan 30, 2023
New York Islanders: Acquired center Bo Horvat (25% salary retained) from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Anthony Beauvillier, center Aatu Raty and a conditional first-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft (an unprotected first-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft if it is in the top 12 in 2023, later traded to Detroit).

Jan 28, 2023
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed center Lane Pederson off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.

Jan 26, 2023
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Ben Harpur to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Andrei Kuzmenko to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 25, 2023
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Matt Nieto and defenseman Ryan Merkley from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Jacob MacDonald and center Martin Kaut.

Jan 24, 2023
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Juuso Valimaki to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 18, 2023
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Kyle Criscuolo from the Detroit Red Wings for left wing Jasper Weatherby.

Jan 16, 2023
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Matthew Boldy to a seven-year contract extension.

Jan 14, 2023
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Pavel Zacha to a four-year contract extension.

Jan 13, 2023
Minnesota Wild: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Joseph Cramarossa.

Jan 11, 2023
Florida Panthers: Claimed defenseman Casey Fitzgerald off waivers from the Buffalo Sabres.
New York Rangers: Claimed defenseman Jake Leschyshyn off waivers from the Vegas Golden Knights.

Jan 6, 2023
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Justin Bailey to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Claimed center Michael Eyssimont off waivers from the Winnipeg Jets.

Jan 4, 2023
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Jimmy Vesey to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 2, 2023
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Joel Hofer to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Nick Perbix to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 1, 2023
Dallas Stars: Signed center Joe Pavelski to a one-year contract extension.