Aug 2, 2021
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Blake Speers and defensemen Cam Dineen and Dysin Mayo to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Ryan Murray to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Jerad Rosburg to a two-year contract.

Aug 1, 2021
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Stefan Noesen to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Samuel Montembeault to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Brayden Burke to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defensemen Sean Day to a one-year contract.

Jul 31, 2021
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Derek Stepan, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Jordan Gross to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Joel Kiviranta to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Ben Gleason to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Tyler Bertuzzi to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Warren Foegele to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Artturi Lehkonen to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Ryan Reaves to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Dakota Joshua to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Boris Katchouk and right wing Taylor Raddish to three-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Nick Ritchie, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Brennan Menell to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Spencer Martin from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Riley Nash, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Austin Poganski to a one-year contract.

Jul 30, 2021
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of center David Krejci.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Rasmus Asplund to a two-year contract; signed right wing Ryan MacInnis to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Colton Poolman to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Maxim Letunov, left wing Sam Miletic, defenseman Jalen Chatfield and goaltender Alex Lyon to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Tyson Jost to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Mikko Lehtonen to a one-year contract; signed left wing Brendan Gaunce to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Colton Point to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Nick Caamano to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired center Mitchell Stephens from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a sixth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Brian Lashoff to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Zac Dalpe to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Lias Andersson to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Tanner Jeannot to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Ivan Barbashev to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Tommy Cross to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Calle Rosen, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Alex Barre-Boulet to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Ondrej Kase, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.

Jul 29, 2021
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Danny O'Regan to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Greg Pateryn and right wing Buddy Robinson to one-year contracts.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Michael Carcone to a two-year contract; signed right wing Hudson Fasching to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Ethan Prow and left wing John Hayden to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Andy Welinski to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Brendan Smith, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Darren Helm, Dylan Sikura and Stefan Matteau to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Zach Werenski to a six-year contract extension; re-signed defenseman Jake Bean to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Jani Hakanpaa, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a three-year contract; signed left wing Michael Raffl, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Luke Witkowski to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Dan Renouf to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Brandon Duhaime to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Jon Merrill and Kevin Czuczman to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defensemen Ryan Murphy to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Mathieu Perreault, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Mathieu Olivier to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Robbie Russo and left wing Joseph Gambardella to two-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Ryan Reaves from the Vegas Golden Knights for a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft; re-signed center Filip Chytil to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Dillon Heatherington and right wings Kole Sherwood and Pontus Aberg to one-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Danton Heinen, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; signed center Michael Chaput to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Brandon Saad, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a five-year contract; signed left wing Matthew Peca, center Nathan Todd and goaltender Charlie Lindgren to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Cal Foote to a two-year contract; signed right wing Corey Perry, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Pavel Gogolev to a three-year contract; signed left wing Brett Seney to a one-year contract.

Jul 28, 2021
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Ryan Getzlaf to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Brogan Rafferty to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Liam O'Brien, left wing Dmitrij Jaskin, goaltender Carter Hutton and left wing Ryan Dzingel to one-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Nick Foligno, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; signed center Samuel Asselin to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Linus Ullmark, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a four-year contract; signed defenseman Derek Forbort, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a three-year contract; signed center Tomas Nosek, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a two-year contract; signed center Erik Haula, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Tyler Lewington, goaltender Troy Grosenick and center Steven Fogarty to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Will Butcher and a fifth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils for future considerations; signed goaltenders Aaron Dell and Craig Anderson, defensemen Mark Pysyk, Brandon Davidson and Jimmy Schuldt, center Sean Malone and right wing Vinnie Hinostroza to one-year contracts.
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Daniel Vladar from the Boston Bruins for a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Nikita Zadorov from the Chicago Blackhawks for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto) in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed left wing Blake Coleman, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a six-year contract; signed defensemen Nick DeSimone and Kevin Gravel, goaltender Adam Werner and right wing Trevor Lewis to one-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Jordan Martinook to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Frederik Andersen, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Antti Raanta, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a two-year contract; signed left wing C.J. Smith, right wing Josh Leivo and defensemen Tony DeAngelo and Ian Cole to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Jake McCabe, who had been with Vegas Golden Knights, to a four-year contract; signed center Jujhar Khaira, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Darcy Kuemper from the Arizona Coyotes for defenseman Conor Timmins, a first-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft and a conditional third-round pick (if Colorado win the 2022 Stanley Cup and Kuemper plays in 50% of their playoff games) in the 2024 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Roland McKeown to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Boone Jenner to a four-year contract; signed center Sean Kuraly, who had been with Boston Bruins, to a four-year contract; re-signed left wings Alexandre Texier and Eric Robinson to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Gavin Bayreuther, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract; signed center Tyler Sikura to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Ryan Suter to a four-year contract; signed center Luke Glendening to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Braden Holtby and defensemen Alex Petrovic and Andreas Borgman to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Pius Suter, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jordan Oesterle, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Calvin Pickard and center Sam Gagner to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired right wing Warren Foegele from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Ethan Bear; signed left wing Zach Hyman, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a seven-year contract; signed defenseman Cody Ceci, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a four-year contract; signed center Derek Ryan, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Tyson Barrie to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Carter Verhaeghe to a three-year contract; signed center Juha Lammikko, goaltender Christopher Gibson and left wing Maxim Mamin to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Andreas Athanasiou to a one-year contract; signed center Phillip Danault, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a six-year contract; signed defenseman Alexander Edler, goaltender Garret Sparks and center T.J. Tynan to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Frederick Gaudreau, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Dmitry Kulikov, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Joe Hicketts, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract; signed center Dominic Turgeon and defensemen Alex Goligoski and Jon Lizotte to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman David Savard, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a four-year contract; signed right wing Mike Hoffman, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a three-year contract; signed defensemen Louis Belpedio and Chris Wideman and centers Cedric Paquette and Jean-Sebastien Dea to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Mikael Granlund to a four-year contract; signed left wing Zachary L'Heureux to a three-year contract; re-signed center Michael McCarron to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Matt Tennyson, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a two-year contract. Signed goaltender David Rittich, right wing Matt Luff and center Anthony Richard to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defensemen Dougie Hamilton, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a seven-year contract; signed goaltender Jonathan Bernier, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract; signed center Chase De Leo and right wing Brian Flynn to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Jarred Tinordi, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Patrik Nemeth, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a three-year contract; signed left wing Dryden Hunt, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a two-year contract; signed center Greg McKegg to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defensemen Michael Del Zotto, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract; signed center Andrew Agozzino to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defensemen Cooper Zech to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Martin Jones, defensemen Keith Yandle, Adam Clendening and Nick Seeler and centers Ryan Fitzgerald, Nate Thompson and Gerald Mayhew to one-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Brock McGinn, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Filip Lindberg to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Taylor Fedun, center Evan Rodrigues and right wing Dominik Simon to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Lane Pederson from the Arizona Coyotes for a fourth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft; re-signed center Lane Pederson to a two-year contract; signed goaltender James Reimer, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract; signed center Nick Bonino, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Nick Merkley to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jaycob Megna and left wing Andrew Cogliano to one-year contracts.
Seattle Kraken: Signed goaltender Philipp Grubauer, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a six-year contract; signed left wing Jaden Schwartz, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a five-year contract; signed center Alexander Wennberg, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Brayden Point to an eight-year contract extension; signed defensemen Zach Bogosian, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a three-year contract; signed center Pierre-Edouard Bellemare, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed goaltenders Brian Elliott and Maxime Lagace, defensemen Andrej Sustr and Darren Raddysh, left wings Charles Hudon and Remi Elie and center Gabriel Dumont to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Brennan Menell from the Minnesota Wild for a conditional seventh-round pick (if Menell plays 30 games for the Leafs in 2021-22) in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Petr Mrazek, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a three-year contract; signed center David Kampf, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Michael Bunting, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Carl Dahlstrom and Alex Biega, center Michael Amadio and right wing Kurtis Gabriel to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defensemen Travis Hamonic to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Tucker Poolman, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a four-year contract; signed right wing Danila Klimovich to a three-year contract; signed defensemen Brady Keeper, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Kyle Burroughs, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed center Justin Dowling, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Luke Schenn, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Jaroslav Halak, defensemen Brad Hunt and Devante Stephens, left wings Nic Petan, Phillip Di Giuseppe and Sheldon Rempal, centers John Stevens and Sheldon Dries and right wings Brandon Sutter and Justin Bailey to one-year contracts.
Vegas Golden Knight: Acquired right wing Evgeni Dadonov from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Nick Holden and a third-round pick (previous acquired from Vancouver) in the 2022 NHL Draft; re-signed defenseman Alec Martinez to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Laurent Brossoit, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; re-ssigned center Patrick Brown to a two-year contract; signed left wings Mattias Janmark, Sven Baertschi and Gage Quinney to one-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Acquired goaltender Vitek Vanecek from the Seattle Kraken for a second-round pick (previous acquired from Winnipeg) in the 2023 NHL Draft; re-signed defenseman Lucas Johansen to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Irwin to a one-year contract. signed goaltender Hunter Shepard to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Dylan McIlrath to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Michael Eyssimont to a two-year contract; signed center Luke Johnson to a one-year contract.

Jul 27, 2021
Boston Bruins: Signed defensemen Mike Reilly to a three-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Drake Caggiula to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury from the Vegas Golden Knights for center Mikael Hakkarainen; acquired center Tyler Johnson and a second-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Brent Seabrook.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Gabriel Landeskog to an eight-year contract extension; acquired defensemen Kurtis MacDermid from the Seattle Kraken for a fourth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Patrik Laine to a one-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed Kyle Criscuolo to a two-year contract extension; signed left wing Taro Hirose to a one-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Bought out the contract of left wing James Neal.
Florida Panthers: Signed defensemen Brandon Montour to a three-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Kyle Rau to a one-year contract extension; signed defensemen Dakota Mermis to a two-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Joel Armia to a four-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defensemen Keith Yandle to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Pavel Buchnevich to a four-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Bought out the contract of goaltender Martin Jones.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Otto Somppi to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Bought out the contract of goaltender Braden Holtby; signed right wing Conor Garland to a four-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Alex Ovechkin to a five-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired defenseman Nate Schmidt from the Vancouver Canucks for a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Eric Comrie to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 26, 2021
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired defensemen Anton Stralman and Vladislav Kolyachonok and a second-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Florida Panthers for a seventh-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman James Greenway from the Toronto Maple Leafs for future considerations; signed defenseman Nick Wolff to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Adam Gaudette to a one-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Gustav Lindstrom to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Sam Bennett to a four-year contract extension; signed defensemen Noah Juulsen and Lucas Carlsson to one-year contract extensions.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Andrew Hammond to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed defensemen Frederic Allard, Ben Harpur and Jeremy Davies to one-year contract extensions.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Samuel Morin to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired right wing Nick Merkley from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Christian Jaros.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Paul Stastny to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 25, 2021
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Marc Staal to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Bought out the contract of right wing Jake Virtanen.

Jul 24, 2021
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago; 76th overall, Ducks selected Tyson Hinds) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired left wing Bokondji Imama and defenseman Cole Hults from the Los Angeles Kings for left wings Brayden Burke and Tyler Steenbergen; acquired a seventh-round pick (previously re-acquired from Chicago; 223rd overal, Coyotes selected Samuel Lipkin) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired a third-round pick (91st overall, Blackhawks selected Taige Harding) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Cale Makar to a six-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Jakub Voracek from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Cam Atkinson.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 36th overall, Red Wings select Shai Buium) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Vegas Golden Knights for second- and fourth-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 38th and 128th overall, Golden Knights selected Daniil Chayka and Jakub Demek) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Sam Reinhart from the Buffalo Sabres for goaltender Devon Levi and a conditional first-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft (a pick in the 2023 NHL Draft if the 2022 pick is in the top 10).
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Trevor Moore to a two-year contract extension; acquired a second-round pick (42nd overall, Kings selected Francesco Pinelli) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for second- (previously acquired from St. Louis via Vegas and Los Angeles; 49th overall, Senators selected Ben Roger) and fifth-round (later traded to Carolina) picks in the 2021 NHL Draft; acquired a second-round pick (59th overall, Kings selected Samuel Helenius) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for third- (later traded to Nashville) and fourth-round (previously acquired from Calgary; 109th overall, Hurricanes selected Jackson Blake) picks in the 2021 NHL Draft; acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 84th overall, Kings selected Kirill Kirsanov) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Calgary Flames for third- and sixth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Toronto; 89th and 168th overall, Flames selected Cameron Whynot and Jack Beck) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired a fourth-round pick (127th overall, Wild selected Josh Pillar) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for fifth- and seventh-round picks (150th and 214th overall, Canadiens selected Joshua Roy and Joe Vrbetic) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles; 72nd overall, Predators selected Anton Olsson) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for third- and fifth-round picks (83rd and 147th overall, Hurricanes selected Patrik Hamrla and Justin Robidas) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Arizona via New Jersey; 75th overall, Rangers selected Ryder Korczak) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Washington Capitals for third- and sixth-round picks (80th and 176th overall, Capitals selected Brent Johnson and Dru Krebs) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired a fourth-round pick (123rd overall, Senators selected Carson Latimer) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for fifth- and sixth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Los Angeles; 136th and 150th overall, Hurricanes selected Robert Orr and Bryce Montgomery) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Kasper Bjorkqvist to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Nathan Walker to a two-year contract extension; acquired a third-round pick (71st overall, Blues selected Simon Robertsson) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for third- and sixth-round picks (81st and 177th overall, Sharks selected Benjamin Gaudreau and Theo Jacobsson) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Vegas; 126th overall, Lightning selected Dylan Duke) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a fourth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired a fourth-round pick (102nd overall, Golden Knights selected Jakub Brabenec) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for fourth- and fifth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Winnipeg, the latter previously acquired from Carolina; 114th and 155th overall, Red Wings selected Red Savage and Oscar Plandowski) in the 2021 NHL Draft.

Jul 23, 2021
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Taylor Hall to a four-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Spencer Smallman to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Seth Jones, a first-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 32nd overall, Blackhawks selected Nolan Allan) in the 2021 NHL Draft and a sixth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Adam Boqvist, first- (12th overall, Blue Jackets selected Cole Sillinger) and second-round (later traded to Carolina) picks in the 2021 NHL Draft and a conditional first-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft (a 2023 pick if Chicago wins one of the 2022 draft lotteries).
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Jake Bean from the Carolina Hurricanes for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago; 44th overall, Hurricanes selected Aleksi Heimosalmi) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired a first-round pick (15th overall, Red Wings selected Sebastian Cossa) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Dallas Stars for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 23rd overall, Stars selected Wyatt Johnston) in the 2021 NHL Draft, a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 48th overall, Stars selected Artyom Grushnikov) in the 2021 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa via Montreal; 138th overall, Stars selected Jack Bar) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired a first-round pick (20th overall, Wild selected Jesper Wallstedt) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for a first-round pick (22nd overall, Oilers selected Xavier Bourgault) in the 2021 NHL Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh via San Jose; 90th overall, Oilers selected Luca Munzenberger) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired a first-round pick (27th overall, Predators selected Zachary L'Heureux) in the 2021 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for two second-round picks (one previously acquired from Los Angeles; 40th and 51st overall, Hurricanes selected Scott Morrow and Ville Koivunen) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Tony DeAngelo.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Rasmus Ristolainen from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Robert Hagg, a first-round pick (14th overall, Sabres selected Isak Rosen) in the 2021 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Pavel Buchnevich from the New York Rangers for left wing Samuel Blais and a second-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Bought out the contract of left wing Lean Bergmann.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson and right wing Conor Garland from the Arizona Coyotes for left wing Antoine Roussel, center Jay Beagle, right wing Loui Eriksson, a first-round pick (9th overall, Coyotes selected Dylan Guenther) in the 2021 NHL Draft, a second-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.

Jul 22, 2021
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Shayne Gostisbehere and second- and seventh-round picks in the 2022 Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for future considerations.
Calgary Flames: Acquired right wing Tyler Pitlick from the Seattle Kraken for a fourth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Kiefer Sherwood to a one-year contract extension; announced the retirement of right wing Matt Calvert.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired goaltender Alex Nedeljkovic from the Carolina Hurricanes for goaltender Jonathan Bernier and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Vegas; 94th overall, Hurricanes selected Aidan Hreschuk) in the 2021 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Alex Nedeljkovic to a two-year contract extension; signed right wing Michael Rasmussen to a three-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Mike Smith to a two-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Barclay Goodrow to a six-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Nolan Stevens to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Rudolfs Balcers to a two-year contract extension; signed right wing Joachim Blichfeld to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Gemel Smith to a two-year contract extension.

Jul 20, 2021
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of defenseman Yannick Weber.

Jul 17, 2021
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Alexander Volkov to a one-year contract extension.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired left wing Andrew Ladd, a second-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 60th overall, Coyotes selected Janis Jerome Moser) in the 2021 NHL Draft, a conditional second-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft (the better of the two picks the Islanders currently hold) and a conditional third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft (not transferred if Ladd plays in any professional games in 2022-23 while under his current contract, or retires prior to the conclusion of the 2022-23 regular season) from the New York Islanders for future considerations.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Miro Heiskanen to an eight-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Joseph Cramarossa to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Cody Glass from the Vegas Golden Knights for center Nolan Patrick.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Barclay Goodrow from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Ryan Ellis from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Philippe Myers and center Nolan Patrick.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Adin Hill and a seventh-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft for goaltender Josef Korenar and a second-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Fredrik Claesson to a one-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Jared McCann from the Pittsburgh Penguins for center Filip Hallander and a seventh-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Joseph Woll to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Jason Dickinson from the Dallas Stars for a third-round pick (73rd overall, Stars selected Ayrton Martino) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired left wing Brett Howden from the New York Rangers for defenseman Nick DeSimone and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg) in the 2022 NHL Draft.

Jul 16, 2021
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Morgan Geekie to a one-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Nick Leddy from the New York Islanders for left wing Richard Panik and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 52nd overall, Islanders selected Aatu Raty) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Julien Gauthier to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 15, 2021
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Brett Ritchie to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Cameron Johnson to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Keith Yandle; signed defenseman Gustav Forsling and right wing Anthony Duclair to three-year contract extensions.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Alex Belzile to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Cole Smith to a one-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Ryan Graves from the Colorado Avalanche for left wing Mikhail Maltsev and a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 61st overall, Avalanche selected Sean Behrens) in the 2021 NHL Draft; signed center Michael McLeod to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Dylan Gambrell to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 14, 2021
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Brandon Carlo to a six-year contract extension; announced the retirement of defenseman Kevan Miller.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired goaltender Dylan Wells from the Edmonton Oilers for future considerations.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Colton White to a one-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Teddy Blueger to a two-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Luke Henman to a three-year contract.

Jul 13, 2021
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Sam Carrick, defenseman Trevor Carrick and right wing Vinni Lettieri to one-year contract extensions.
Minnesota Wild: Bought out the contracts of defenseman Ryan Suter and left wing Zach Parise.
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of goaltender Pekka Rinne.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Josef Korenar to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 12, 2021
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Duncan Keith and center Tim Soderlund from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Caleb Jones and a conditional third-round pick (a second-round pick if the Oilers make it to the 2022 Stanley Cup Final and Keith is a top four defenseman during the first three rounds) in the 2022 NHL Draft.

Jul 9, 2021
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Jonas Siegenthaler to a two-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Brett Howden to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 8, 2021
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Travis Dermott to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Beck Malenstyn to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 7, 2021
Boston Bruins: Signed center Cameron Hughes and left wing Joona Koppanen to one-year contract extensions.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jack Drury to a three-year contract.

Jul 6, 2021
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Christian Wolanin to a one-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Scott Wedgewood to a one-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Dominic Toninato to a two-year contract extension.

Jul 5, 2021
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Nick Bjugstad to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 2, 2021
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Joel Eriksson Ek to an eight-year contract extension.

Jul 1, 2021
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Viktor Arvidsson from the Nashville Predators for a second-round pick (later traded to Carolina) in the 2021 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.

Jun 29, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Jonas Johansson to a one-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Ryan Nugent-Hopkins to an eight-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Wayne Simmonds to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 27, 2021
Signed left wing Brandon Baddock to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 25, 2021
Arizona Coyotes: Announced the retirement of right wing Beau Bennett.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Trent Frederic to a two-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Blake Lizotte to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 24, 2021
Dallas Stars: Signed center Rhett Gardner to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 23, 2021
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of defenseman Carl Gunnarsson.

Jun 21, 2021
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Blake Comeau to a one-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Announced the retirement of right wing J.T. Brown.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Laurent Dauphin to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Matt Nieto to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 19, 2021
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Lukas Vejdemo to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Shane Gersich to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 18, 2021
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Liam Kirk to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of defenseman Zach Trotman.

Jun 17, 2021
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Anton Blidh to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Kevin Stenlund to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed centers Michael Sgarbossa and Garrett Pilon to two-year contract extensions.

Jun 16, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Jayson Megna to a two-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Jason Spezza to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Bobby Nardella to a two-year contract.

Jun 15, 2021
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of center Drew Shore.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Jakub Pour to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Nathan Bastian to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 14, 2021
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Jesper Froden to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Leevi Merilainen to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Linus Sandin and center German Rubtsov to one-year contract extensions.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Jonathan Dahlen to a one-year contract; signed left wing Jeffrey Truchon-Viel to a two-year contract extension;
signed defenseman Nicolas Meloche to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 13, 2021
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Eric Gelinas to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Gregory Hofmann to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of defenseman Stephen Johns.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Tanner Kaspick to a one-year contract.

Jun 11, 2021
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing John-Jason Peterka to a three-year contract.

Jun 9, 2021
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Lukas Reichel to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Samuel Knazko to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Devin Shore to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 8, 2021
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Felix Sandstrom to a one-year contract.

Jun 7, 2021
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Yevgeni Oksentyul to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Anton Lundell to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Axel Jonsson-Fjallby to a two-year contract.

Jun 4, 2021
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Helge Grans to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Pontus Holmberg to a two-year contract.

Jun 3, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Andreas Wingerli to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Mattias Norlinder to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Nils Lundkvist to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Samuel Ersson to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Joe Snively to a one-year contract.

Jun 1, 2021
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Kevin Connauton to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Viktor Lodin to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Keean Washkurak to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Karel Plasek to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2021
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Wyatt Newpower to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Mason Primeau to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Jeff Malott to a one-year contract.

May 30, 2021
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Vasily Podkolzin to a three-year contract.

May 29, 2021
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Vladimir Tkachev to a one-year contract.

May 28, 2021
Nashville Predators: Signed center Juuso Parssinen to a three-year contract.

May 27, 2021
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Ben McCartney to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Trent Miner to a three-year contract.

May 26, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Alex Beaucage to a three-year contract.

May 25, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Jean-Luc Foudy to a three-year contract.

May 24, 2021
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Blake Murray to a three-year contract.

May 23, 2021
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Maxim Cajkovic to a three-year contract.

May 20, 2021
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Jonatan Berggren to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Clark Bishop to a one-year contract extension.

May 19, 2021
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Eemil Viro to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Erik Kallgren to a one-year contract.

May 18, 2021
Boston Bruins: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Pavel Shen.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Jack Thompson to a three-year contract.

May 17, 2021
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Arvid Soderblom to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Tanner Kero to a two-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Akira Schmid to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Danil Gushchin to a three-year contract.

May 14, 2021
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Tuukka Tieksola to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Artem Zub to a two-year contract extension.

May 13, 2021
New York Islanders: Signed center Reece Newkirk to a three-year contract.

May 12, 2021
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Henrik Borgstrom to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Rafael Harvey-Pinard to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Alexander Barabanov to a one-year contract extension; signed right wing Adam Raska to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Simon Ryfors to a one-year contract.

May 11, 2021
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Spencer Martin to a one-year contract extension.

May 10, 2021
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Ryan Lindgren to a three-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Santeri Hatakka to a three-year contract.

May 8, 2021
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of goaltender Ryan Miller.

May 6, 2021
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Jakub Galvas to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defensemen Ryan O'Rourke and Daemon Hunt to three-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Valtteri Puustinen to a two-year contract.

May 5, 2021
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Nico Daws to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Anton Forsberg to a one-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Kirill Semyonov to a one-year contract.

May 4, 2021
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Karel Vejmelka to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Stefanos Lekkas to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Elliot Desnoyers and right wing Olle Lycksell to two-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defens Steven Santini to a two-year contract extension.

May 3, 2021
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Justin Danforth to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Ilya Konovalov to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Spencer Martin to a one-year contract extension.

May 2, 2021
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Yegor Chinakhov to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Amir Miftakhov to a three-year contract.

May 1, 2021
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Hugo Alnefelt to a three-year contract.

Apr 30, 2021
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Eetu Makiniemi to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Pyotr Kochetkov to a three-year contract.

Apr 29, 2021
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Lauri Pajuniemi to a two-year contract.

Apr 27, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Justin Barron to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Jacob Peterson to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Roby Jarventie to a three-year contract.

Apr 26, 2021
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of right wing Andrew Shaw.

Apr 25, 2021
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Riley Stillman to a three-year contract extension.

Apr 22, 2021
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Ryan Hartman to a three-year contract extension.

Apr 21, 2021
Dallas Stars: Signed center Oskar Back to a three-year contract.

Apr 20, 2021
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Lukas Rousek to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Marc Del Gaizo to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Karl Henriksson to a three-year contract.

Apr 19, 2021
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Ilya Lyubushkin to a one-year contract extension.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Brady Lyle to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Alexander Holtz to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Jonny Brodzinski to a one-year contract extension; signed left wing Will Cuylle to a three-year contract

Apr 17, 2021
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Carson Meyer to a one-year contract.

Apr 16, 2021
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Lucas Raymond to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Dylan Holloway to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Cole Reinhardt to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Adam Lowry to a five-year contract extension.

Apr 15, 2021
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Tomas Vomacka to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Rodion Amirov to a three-year contract.

Apr 14, 2021
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Joel Hanley to a two-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Collin Adams to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Conor Sheary to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 13, 2021
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Zac Jones to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Mads Sogaard to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Jackson Cates to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Cole Koepke to a two-year contract.

Apr 12, 2021
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Haydn Fleury from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Jani Hakanpaa and a sixth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Taylor Hall and center Curtis Lazar from the Buffalo Sabres for left wing Anders Bjork and a second-round pick (53rd overall, Sabres selected Alexander Kisakov) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Adam Gaudette from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Matthew Highmore.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Carl Soderberg from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Ryder Rolston and center Josh Dickinson.
Dallas Stars: Claimed defenseman Sami Vatanen off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Dmitry Kulikov from the New Jersey Devils for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if the Oilers win a playoff round in the 2020-21 NHL Playoffs) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Sam Bennett and a sixth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Calgary Flames for left wing Emil Heineman and a second-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Alex Iafallo to a four-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Erik Gustafsson from the Philadelphia Flyers for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Erik Gudbranson from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Brandon Fortunato and a seventh-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Claimed defenseman Victor Mete off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Scott Laughton to a five-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center Jeff Carter from the Los Angeles Kings for a conditional third-round pick (a second-round pick if Pittsburgh reaches the 2020-21 Stanley Cup Final and Carter plays in at least 50% of the games) in the 2022 NHL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if Carter plays in at least 50 games during the 2021-22 season) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired right wing Alexander Barabanov from the Toronto Maple Leafs for center Antti Suomela; acquired left wing Mattias Janmark from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Nick DeSimone; signed goaltender Zachary Sawchenko to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Fredrik Claesson from the San Jose Sharks for goaltender Magnus Chrona.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Ben Hutton from the Anaheim Ducks for a fifth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Madison Bowey from the Chicago Blackhawks and a fifth-round pick (140th overall, Canucks selected Jonathan Myrenberg) in the 2021 NHL Draft for a fourth-round pick (105th overall, Blackhawks selected Ethan Del Mastro) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired left wing Mattias Janmark from the San Jose Sharks for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo) in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Nick DeSimone and a fifth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for a second-round pick (62nd overall, Blackhawks selected Colton Dach) in the 2021 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Anthony Mantha from the Detroit Red Wings for left wings Jakub Vrana and Richard Panik, a first-round pick (later traded to Dallas) in the 2021 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Michael Raffl from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Vegas; 158th overall, Flyers selected Ty Murchison) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired defenseman Jordie Benn from the Vancouver Canucks for a sixth-round pick (178th overall, Canucks selected Connor Lockhart) in the 2021 NHL Draft.

Apr 11, 2021
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Mike Reilly from the Ottawa Senators for a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Walker Duehr to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Nikita Gusev to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Nick Swaney to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Jon Merrill from the Detroit Red Wings for center Hayden Verbeek and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa, later traded to Dallas) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Josh Healey to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Jonas Siegenthaler from the Washington Capitals for a conditional third-round pick (previously acquired from Arizona, later traded to the New York Rangers) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Braydon Coburn from the Ottawa Senators for a seventh-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Cody Goloubef to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Nick Foligno from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a first-round pick (25th overall, Blue Jackets selected Corson Ceulemans) in the 2021 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft as part of a three-way trade involving the San Jose Sharks; acquired right wing Stefan Noesen from the San Jose Sharks for a fourth-round pick (121st overall, Sharks selected Ethan Cardwell) in the 2021 NHL Draft as part of a three-way trade involving the Columbus Blue Jackets; acquired goaltender David Rittich from the Calgary Flames for a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.

Apr 10, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Devan Dubnyk from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Greg Pateryn and a fifth-round pick (156th overall, Sharks selected Max McCue) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman David Savard from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Brian Lashoff.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Brandon Montour from the Buffalo Sabres for a third-round pick (88th overall, Sabres selected Stiven Sardarian) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman David Savard from the Detroit Red Wings for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Vegas) in the 2021 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Brian Lashoff from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a first-round pick (later traded to Chicago) in the 2021 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.

Apr 9, 2021
Buffalo Sabres: Claimed left wing Drake Caggiula off waivers from the Arizona Coyotes.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Patrik Nemeth from the Detroit Red Wings for a fourth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Nikita Gusev.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Ken Appleby to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Riley Nash from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a conditional seventh-round pick (a sixth-round pick if Nash appears in 25% of the Leafs 2020-21 playoff games) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Simon Lundmark to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Cole Kehler to a one-year contract.

Apr 8, 2021
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Lucas Wallmark and defenseman Lucas Carlsson from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Brett Connolly, center Henrik Borgstrom, defenseman Riley Stillman and a seventh-round pick (216th overall, Blackhawks selected Jalen Luypen) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Tanner Pearson to a three-year contract extension.

Apr 7, 2021
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Ty Emberson to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Jason Cotton.
New York Islanders: Acquired center Travis Zajac and right wing Kyle Palmieri from the New Jersey Devils for left wing A.J. Greer, center Mason Jobst, a first-round pick (29th overall, Devils selected Chase Stillman) in the 2021 NHL Draft and a conditional third-/fourth-round pick in the 2022 or 2023 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Maxim Marushev to a three-year contract.

Apr 6, 2021
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Linus Weissbach to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Ilya Solovyov to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Jan Mysak to a three-year contract.

Apr 5, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Nate Clurman to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Mason Marchment to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Grant Mismash to a two-year contract.

Apr 3, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Sampo Ranta to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Maxence Guenette to a three-year contract.

Apr 2, 2021
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Vinnie Hinostroza from the Florida Panthers for center Brad Morrison.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Adam Scheel to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Cory Schueneman to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Scoot Reedy to a three-year contract.

Apr 1, 2021
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Adam Scheel to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Matt Kiersted to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Matthew Boldy to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Shane Pinto to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Jacob Bernard-Docker to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Cam York to a three-year contract.

Mar 31, 2021
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Isaak Phillips to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Alex Newhook to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Jordan Kawaguchi to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Spencer Knight to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Odeen Tufto to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Thatcher Demko to a five-year contract extension.

Mar 30, 2021
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Yan Kuznetsov to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Mike Hardman to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Liam O'Brien to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Keaton Middleton to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Matthew Boldy to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defensemen Layton Ahac and Zack Hayes to three-year contracts.

Mar 29, 2021
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Tyler Angle to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defensemen Christian Wolanin from the Ottawa Senators for center Michael Amadio.
New York Rangers: Signed defensemen Hunter Skinner to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defensemen Peter Diliberatore to a three-year contract.

Mar 28, 2021
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Alex Steeves to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defensemen David Farrance to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Zach Fucale to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 27, 2021
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Brendan Lemieux from the New York Rangers for a fourth-round pick (104th overall, Rangers selected Brody Lamb) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Cole Caufield to a three-year contract.

Mar 26, 2021
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Eric Staal from the Buffalo Sabres for third- and fifth-round picks (95th and 159th overall, Sabres selected Joshua Bloom and Viljami Marjala) in the 2021 NHL Draft.

Mar 25, 2021
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Aarne Talvitie to a three-year contract.

Mar 24, 2021
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Alexander Volkov from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Antoine Morand and a conditional seventh-round pick (transfers to a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft if the original pick is unavailable due to a previous trade) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Seth Barton to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Tyce Thompson to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Max Willman to a one-year contract.

Mar 22, 2021
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Michael Kesselring to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed center Travis Boyd off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Mar 21, 2021
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Matt Roy to a three-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Trevor van Riemsdyk to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 20, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Jonas Johansson from the Buffalo Sabres for a sixth-round pick (188th overall, Sabres selected Nikita Novikov) in the 2021 NHL Draft.

Mar 19, 2021
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Vladislav Provolnev to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Michael Houser to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Michael Vukojevic to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Anatoly Golyshev to a one-year contract.

Mar 17, 2021
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Angus Crookshank to a three-year contract; claimed goaltender Anton Forsberg off waivers from the Winnipeg Jets.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed right wing Jimmy Vesey off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Daniil Miromanov to a one-year contract.

Mar 16, 2021
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Josiah Slavin to a two-year contract.

Mar 15, 2021
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Donovan Sebrango to a three-year contract.

Mar 14, 2021
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Josh Dunne to a two-year contract.

Mar 12, 2021
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Mikko Lehtonen from the Toronto Maple Leafs for goaltender Veini Vehvilainen.

Mar 11, 2021
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Jordan Binnington to a six-year contract extension.

Mar 9, 2021
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Daniel Walcott to a two-year contract.

Mar 5, 2021
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Beck Warm to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Brent Seabrook.

Mar 4, 2021
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Graeme Clarke to a three-year contract.

Mar 3, 2021
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Braden Schneider to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Mason Geertsen to a two-year contract.

Mar 1, 2021
Boston Bruins: Signed center Curtis Hall to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Mavrik Bourque to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed goaltender Alex Stalock off waivers from the Minnesota Wild.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Logan Hutsko to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Gianni Fairbrother to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Colten Ellis to a three-year contract.

Feb 27, 2021
Boston Bruins: Claimed defenseman Jarred Tinordi off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Feb 25, 2021
Ottawa Senators: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Filip Chlapik.

Feb 24, 2021
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed defenseman Mark Friedman off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.

Feb 18, 2021
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed goaltender Eric Comrie off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.

Feb 15, 2021
Boston Bruins: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Par Lindholm.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Alex Galchenyuk from the Carolina Hurricanes for right wing Yegor Korshkov and defenseman David Warsofsky.

Feb 13, 2021
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Gregory Hofmann from the Carolina Hurricanes for a seventh-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Ryan Dzingel from the Carolina Hurricanes for center Cedric Paquette and left wing Alex Galchenyuk.

Feb 12, 2021
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Robin Salo to a two-year contract.

Feb 9, 2021
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced the retirement of center Mikko Koivu.

Feb 7, 2021
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Scott Sabourin to a one-year contract.

Feb 6, 2021
Los Angeles Kings: Claimed goaltender Troy Grosenick off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.

Jan 28, 2021
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Madison Bowey to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of goaltender Jimmy Howard.

Jan 27, 2021
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Trevor Carrick from the San Jose Sharks for left wing Jack Kopacka.
Carolina Hurricanes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Jeremy Bracco.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Yannick Weber to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Christian Jaros from the Ottawa Senators for left wing Jack Kopacka and a seventh-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.

Jan 25, 2021
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Pavel Dorofeyev to a three-year contract.

Jan 23, 2021
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Jack Roslovic to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Jonathan Ang.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired center Pierre-Luc Dubois and a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for right wings Patrik Laine and Jack Roslovic.

Jan 21, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Peyton Jones to a one-year contract.

Jan 19, 2021
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Ian Cole from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Greg Pateryn.

Jan 18, 2021
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Michael Stone to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Claimed goaltender Aaron Dell off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Jan 17, 2021
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Brett Ritchie to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Nick Seeler.

Jan 16, 2021
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed goaltender Troy Grosenick off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Jan 15, 2021
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Ben Hutton to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed goaltender Anton Forsberg off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.

Jan 14, 2021
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Cory Schneider to a one-year contract.

Jan 13, 2021
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Devin Shore to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Kevin Connauton to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Dmytro Timashov to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Craig Anderson to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Trevor Lewis to a one-year contract.

Jan 12, 2021
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed goaltender Anton Forsberg off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Marcus Foligno to a three-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Claimed defenseman Luca Sbisa off waivers from the Winnipeg Jets.
New Jersey Devils: Claimed goaltender Eric Comrie off waivers from the Winnipeg Jets.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Clark Bishop from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Maxime Lajoie.
San Jose Sharks: Claimed left wing Rudolfs Balcers off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Boo Nieves to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Travis Hamonic to a one-year contract.

Jan 11, 2021
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Frederik Gauthier to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Claimed defenseman Noah Juulsen off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Matt Martin to a four-year contract; re-signed defenseman Andy Greene to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Mike Hoffman to a one-year contract; announced the retirement of defenseman Jay Bouwmeester.

Jan 10, 2021
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Michael Del Zotto to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Jesper Bratt to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Fredrik Claesson to a one-year contract.

Jan 9, 2021
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Cam Johnson to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Claimed defenseman Christian Djoos off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.
Florida Panthers: Claimed defenseman Gustav Forsling off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of goaltender Corey Crawford.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Mat Barzal to a three-year contract.

Jan 8, 2021
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Riley Sheahan to a one-year contract.

Jan 7, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Josh Anderson.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Sami Vatanen to a one-year contract.

Jan 6, 2021
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed goaltender Anthony Stolarz to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Oliver Bjorkstrand to a five-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Luke Kunin to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Carson Focht to a three-year contract.

Jan 5, 2021
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of left wing Colin Wilson.

Jan 3, 2021
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center Dylan Strome to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman John Marino to a six-year contract extension.