Dec 31, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Nick Foligno to a six-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Nick Bjugstad to a six-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Rourke Chartier to a three-year contract.

Dec 29, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed right wing Matt Fraser off waivers from the Boston Bruins.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Mark Arcobello from the Edmonton Oilers for center Derek Roy.

Dec 27, 2014
New Jersey Devils: Fired head coach Pete DeBoer; named Adam Oates and Scott Stevens assistant coaches, named Lou Lamoriello interim coach.

Dec 20, 2014
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Nick Paul to a three-year contract.

Dec 19, 2014
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Brett Lernout to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Cam Talbot to a one-year contract extension.

Dec 18, 2014
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Mark Fraser, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired defenseman Jay Harrison from the Carolina Hurricanes for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa; 169th overall, Hurricanes selected David Cotton) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 16, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Jerry D'Amigo from the Columbus Blue Jackets for left wing Luke Adam. 

Dec 15, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Fired head coach Dallas Eakins, named Craig MacTavish interim head coach.

Dec 14, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Jeremy Morin from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Tim Erixon.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of goaltender Tomas Vokoun.

Dec 12, 2014
New Jersey Devils: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Damien Brunner.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of defenseman Brian Lee.

Dec 9, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov to a one-year contract.

Dec 8, 2014
Ottawa Senators: Fired head coach Paul MacLean, named David Cameron interim head coach.

Dec 5, 2014
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Philip Samuelsson from the Pittsburgh Penguins for center Rob Klinkhammer and a conditional fifth-round pick (if Samuelsson plays at least 40 games with Arizona in 2014-15, condition not fulfilled) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of right wing George Parros.

Dec 4, 2014
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Jesse Blacker and either a fourth-round pick in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft or a sixth-round pick in the 2017 NHL Draft (the first one if Robak plays an undisclosed number of games with Anaheim in the 2014-15, condition not fulfilled; 184th overall, Panthers selected Sebastian Repo) from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Colby Robak.

Dec 3, 2014
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Alec Martinez to a six-year contract extension.

Dec 2, 2014
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Martin Brodeur, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Anthony DeAngelo to a three-year contract.

Dec 1, 2014
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Scott Gomez.

Nov 29, 2014
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Marco Scandella to a five-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Brendan Gallagher to a six-year contract extension.

Nov 28, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Eric Brewer from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 64th overall, Lightning selected Dennis Yan) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Jean Dupuy to a three-year contract.

Nov 25, 2014
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Andrey Pedan from the New York Islanders for center Alexandre Mallet and a third-round pick (later traded back to Vancouver via Buffalo and Pittsburgh) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 24, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Fired goaltending coach Frederic Chabot; named Dustin Schwartz goaltending coach.

Nov 21, 2014
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Brenden Dillon from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Jason Demers and a third-round pick (90th overall, Stars selected Fredrik Karlstrom) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 20, 2014
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed right wing Andrej Nestrasil off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Bryan Allen from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing Rene Bourque.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Will Acton from the Edmonton Oilers for left wing Kellan Lain.

Nov 18, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed defenseman Kevin Connauton off waivers from the Dallas Stars.

Nov 15, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Jordan Leopold from the St. Louis Blues for a fifth-round pick (125th overall, Blues selected Nolan Stevens) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 11, 2014
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jamie McBain to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Sergei Gonchar from the Dallas Stars for center Travis Moen.

Nov 6, 2014
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Ben Harpur to a three-year contract.

Nov 5, 2014
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury to a four-year contract extension.

Nov 2, 2014
Boston Bruins: Signed head coach Claude Julien to a multi-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Justin Bailey to a three-year contract.

Oct 21, 2014
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Mark Hunter director of player personnel.

Oct 20, 2014
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman TJ Brodie to a five-year contract extension.

Oct 17, 2014
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Tyler Bertuzzi to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Announced an affiliation agreement with Allen of the ECHL.

Oct 15, 2014
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jake Muzzin to a five-year contract extension.

Oct 14, 2014
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Simon Gagne to a one-year contract.

Oct 9, 2014
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed right wing Richard Panik off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Oct 7, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed right wing Adam Cracknell off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Jordin Tootoo.

Oct 6, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Ryan Johansen to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Shane O'Brien to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Ryan Carter to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Joey Crabb from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Steven Kampfer and left wing Andrew Yogan.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Liam O'Brien to a three-year contract.

Oct 5, 2014
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Justin Auger and defenseman Zachary Leslie to three-year contracts.

Oct 4, 2014
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Laurent Dauphin to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Daniel Carcillo to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed right wing Jack Skille off waivers from the New York Islanders.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Eric Tangradi from the Winnipeg Jets for goaltender Peter Budaj and right wing Patrick Holland.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Johnny Boychuk from the Boston Bruins for a second-round pick in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 37th overall, Bruins selected Brandon Carlo), a second-round pick in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft (49th overall, Bruins selected Ryan Lindgren) and a conditional third-round pick (if the Islanders trade Boychuk during the 2014-15 season to an Eastern Conference team) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Nick Leddy and goaltender Kent Simpson from the Chicago Blackhawks for defensemen T.J. Brennan and Ville Pokka and goaltender Anders Nilsson; signed center Joshua Ho-Sang to a three-year contract.

Oct 2, 2014
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Brenden Dillon to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Claimed defenseman Nate Prosser off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Drayson Bowman to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Bobby Ryan to a seven-year contract extension.

Sep 30, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Vladimir Tkachev to a three-year contract (later turned down by the NHL).
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Taylor Beck to a one-year contract.

Sep 29, 2014
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Torey Krug and right wing Reilly Smith to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Brad Stuart and left wing Cody McLeod.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Michael Dal Colle to a three-year contract.

Sep 28, 2014
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Dmitrii Sergeev to a three-year contract.

Sep 27, 2014
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Jaden Schwartz to a two-year contract.

Sep 26, 2014
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Nikolay Goldobin and defenseman Julius Bergman to three-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Waived goaltender Jacob Markstrom.

Sep 25, 2014
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Ryan Ellis to a five-year contract.

Sep 23, 2014
Minnesota Wild: Signed defensemen Alex Gudbranson and Hunter Warner to three-year contracts.

Sep 20, 2014
Colorado Avalanche: Named Joe Sakic general manager; named Greg Sherman assistant general manager.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Cody Donaghey to a three-year contract.

Sep 19, 2014
Florida Panthers: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Cincinnati of the ECHL for the 2014-15 season.

Sep 18, 2014
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Darcy Kuemper to a two-year contract.

Sep 17, 2014
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Danny DeKeyser to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Justin Braun to a five-year contract extension.

Sep 16, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Devante Smith-Pelly to a two-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Renewed an affiliation agreement with Gwinnett of the ECHL.

Sep 15, 2014
Nashville Predators: Named David Rook goaltending consultant.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Eric Gelinas.

Sep 13, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Greg Chase to a three-year contract.

Sep 11, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Sonny Milano, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Nino Niederreiter to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman John Moore; signed left wing Ryan Malone, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Named Jason Smith assistant coach.

Sep 10, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed head coach Bruce Boudreau to two-year contract extension; announced the retirement of center Saku Koivu.

Sep 9, 2014
Minnesota Wild: Announced an affiliation agreement with Alaska of the ECHL.	
Ottawa Senators: Extended their affiliation agreement with Binghampton of the AHL for four additional seasons; announced an affiliation agreement with Evansville of the ECHL.
St. Louis Blues: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Alaska of the ECHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Spencer Abbott to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Cameron Schilling to a one-year contract.

Sep 8, 2014
Ottawa Senators: Promoted Jim Clark to chief professional scout.

Sep 5, 2014
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Matt Fraser to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Corey Potter to a one-year contract.

Sep 4, 2014
Boston Bruins: Signed center David Krejci to a six-year contract extension through the 2020-21 season.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Tyson Barrie to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Extended their affiliation agreement with Syracuse of the AHL.

Sep 3, 2014
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Joe Nieuwendyk professional scout and advisor.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Aaron Ekblad, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Extended their affiliation agreement with St. John's of the AHL.

Sep 2, 2014
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Zac Rinaldo to a two-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Robby Fabbri, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Nikolaj Ehlers, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Aug 29, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Justin Schultz to a one-year contract.

Aug 27, 2014
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Lance Bouma to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Brandon Manning.

Aug 25, 2014
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Craig Anderson to a three-year contract.

Aug 23, 2014
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Devon Setoguchi, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.

Aug 21, 2014
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of goaltender Jean-Sebastien Giguere.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Danny Kristo.

Aug 20, 2014
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Kevin Hayes.
San Jose Sharks: Named Mike Yandle scout.
Vancouver Canucks: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Kalamazoo of the ECHL.

Aug 19, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced an affiliation agreement with Kalamazoo of the ECHL.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Clarke MacArthur to a five-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Brandon Pridham assistant to the general manager.

Aug 18, 2014
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Mark Borowiecki to a three-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center/right wing William Nylander, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Aug 15, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Jakob Silfverberg to a one-year contract.

Aug 14, 2014
Detroit Red Wings: Signed general manager to four-year contract extension.

Aug 12, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Leon Draisaitl, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Aug 11, 2014
Vancouver Canucks: Named Perry Pearn assistant coach.

Aug 8, 2014
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Haydn Fleury, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Ryan Bourque.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Julien Brouilette, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.

Aug 7, 2014
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Ryan White, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.

Aug 5, 2014
Calgary Flames: Announced an affiliation agreement with Colorado of the ECHL.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Michael Del Zotto, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Brandon Sutter to a two-year contract.

Aug 2, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Named Bryan Trottier, Danny Flynn and Tom Coolen assistant coaches; named Arturs Irbe goaltending coach; named Rob Murphy director of scouting and Greg Royce director of amateur scouting.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman P.K. Subban to an eight-year contract.
New York Rangers: Named Darryl Williams assistant coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed goaltender Ben Bishop to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Ben Cooper assistant coach.

Aug 1, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Nick Ritchie, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract; signed left wing Patrick Maroon to a three-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Justin Falk to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Promoted Bob Lowes to chief amateur scout.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing T.J. Galiardi to a one-year contract.

Jul 31, 2014
Boston Bruins: Renewed their affiliation agreement with South Carolina of the ECHL.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Robin Lehner to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Nick Spaling to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Orlando of the ECHL.

Jul 30, 2014
Detroit Red Wings: Named Jim Hiller and Andrew Brewer assistant coaches.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Dwight King to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Dan Lacroix assistant coach; named Rob Ramage player development coach.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Andy Greene to a five-year contract.

Jul 29, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Jerry D'Amigo to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Jimmy Hayes to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Justin Fontaine to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Peter Mueller to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Jake Gardiner to a five-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed right wing Matt Halischuk to a one-year contract.

Jul 28, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Dana Tyrell to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Daniel Winnik, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed left wing Michael Frolik to a one-year contract.

Jul 27, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Luke Adam to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Derick Brassard to a five-year contract.

Jul 26, 2014
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Mark Cundari to a two-year contract.

Jul 25, 2014
Calgary Flames: Signed center Sam Bennett, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Brett Bellemore to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Landon Ferraro to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed goaltender James Reimer to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Jake Virtanen, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Nathan Walker to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Named Matt Prefontaine video coach.

Jul 24, 2014
Boston Bruins: Named Joe Sacco assistant coach; re-signed defenseman David Warsofsky to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Joni Ortio to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Lars Eller to a four-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Kevin Poulin to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Jared McCann, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Rob Davison.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Keaton Ellerby to a one-year contract.

Jul 23, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Sami Vatanen to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Andre Benoit, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Joe Colborne to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Rasmus Rissanen to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Ryan O'Reilly to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Mats Zuccarello to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Chris Kreider to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Jacques Martin senior advisor of hockey operations.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Nate Prosser to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Kyle Dubas assistant general manager; fired vice president of hockey operations Dave Poulin and assistant general manager Claude Loiselle; signed left wing David Booth, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wings Darren Archibald and Brandon DeFazio.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Ben Chiarot to a one-year contract.

Jul 21, 2014
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Nikita Scherbak, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Ivan Barbashev to a three-year contract; signed center Jeremy Welsh to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Cody Franson to a one-year contract.

Jul 19, 2014
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Lee Stempniak, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed centers John Albert, Patrice Cormier and Eric O'Dell.

Jul 18, 2014
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Brendan Perlini, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wings Jordan Caron and Tyler Randell, defensemen Tommy Cross and Zach Trotman, and left wings Craig Cunningham and Justin Florek.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Dmitry Kulikov to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Mark Recchi player development coach; re-signed defenseman Simon Despres to a two-year contract.

Jul 17, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Antoine Laganiere to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Tyler Ennis to a five-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wings Mitch Callahan and Andrej Nestrasil to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender John Curry to a one-year contract.

Jul 16, 2014
Arizona Coyotes: Named JP Major strength and conditioning coach.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Chad Ruhwedel to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Rocky Thompson assistant coach.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Brandon Pirri to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Kirill Kabanov.
New York Rangers: Signed center Matthew Lombardi to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Benn Ferriero to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Chris Butler to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Taylor Doherty to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jason Demers to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Peter Holland to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Carter Ashton to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Linden Vey to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed left wing Carl Klingberg to a one-year contract.

Jul 15, 2014
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Brandon McMillan to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Jordan Szwarz to a two-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing David Pastrnak to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Named David Marcoux goaltending coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Tim Erixon to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Julius Honka to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Named Tony Granato assistant coach.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Andrew Miller to a one-year contract; re-signed center Tyler Pitlick and left wing Curtis Hamilton to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed goaltender Jean-Francois Berube to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Jason Zucker to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Mike Ribeiro, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract; signed center Derek Roy, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Viktor Arvidsson to a three-year contract; signed center Kevin Fiala, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Casey Cizikas to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Calvin de Haan to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed Bobby Farnham to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Gord Dineen head coach at Toronto of the AHL.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Jakub Vrana, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Jul 14, 2014
Arizona Coyotes: Signed associate coach Jim Playfair to a multi-year contract extension; signed director of professional scouting Frank Effinger to a multi-year contract extension; promoted Chris O’Hearn to vice president of hockey operations.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Matt Bartkowski to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Zac Dalpe, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Justin Shugg to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Kevin Dineen assistant coach.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Dylan Olsen to a two-year contract; re-signed center Ryan Martindale and left wing Garrett Wilson to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Brayden McNabb to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Andy Andreoff to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Jesper Pettersson to a three-year contract.

Jul 12, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Sam Reinhart to a three-year contract; signed left wing Jordan Samuels-Thomas to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed right wing Ben Hanowski to a one-year contract.

Jul 11, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Louis Leblanc to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Brandon Dubinsky to a six-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Jonathon Blum to a one-year contract; signed center Jordan Schroeder to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed right wing David Moss to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Kasperi Kapanen, their first-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Brenden Morrow, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Philippe Paradis to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Richard Panik to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Peter Horachek and Steve Spott assistant coaches; re-signed left wing Jamie Devane to a two-year contract.

Jul 10, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defensemen Mat Clark and Jesse Blacker to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Dan Cleary to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Erik Gudbranson to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Derek Grant to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Gary Agnew assistant coach; re-signed center Jayson Megna to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Philip Samuelsson to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Steve Ott to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Scott Hannan to a one-year contract; signed left wing Bryan Lerg and center Micheal Haley to one-year contracts; re-signed defenseman Matt Tennyson to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Jerome Samson to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Brett Connolly to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Trevor Smith; signed defenseman Rinat Valiev to a three-year contract.

Jul 9, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Dany Heatley, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Jordan Samuels-Thomas from the Winnipeg Jets for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Jonathan Toews and right wing Patrick Kane to eight-year contract extensions.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Will Weber to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed goaltender Richard Bachman to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Cody Almond to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Mattias Ekholm to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed goaltender Cory Schneider to a seven-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman David Shields to a one-year contract.

Jul 8, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Sean Collins to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Anthony Bitetto to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Announced an affiliation agreement with Stockton of the ECHL for the 2014-15 season.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Pat Cannone, left wing John McCarthy and right wing Sebastian Wannstrom to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Tommy Wingels to a three-year contract; re-signed center James Sheppard to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Cody Kunyk to a one-year contract.

Jul 7, 2014
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Jimmy Waite goaltending coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Corey Tropp to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Cody Goloubef to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Jeff Petry to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named Mike Kelly and Mark Morris assistant coaches.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Anton Volchenkov, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Jay Feaster executive director of community hockey development.
Vancouver Canucks: Named John Weisbrod vice president of hockey operations, player personnel; named Doug Lidster assistant coach.

Jul 6, 2014
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Matt Corrente, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.

Jul 5, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman David Savard to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defensemen Chris Tanev and Peter Andersson.

Jul 4, 2014
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Patrick McNeill, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Brian Gibbons to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Brett Olson and defenseman Greg Zanon to a one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Joe Piskula to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center David Legwand, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Eric Gryba to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Alex Grant to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Chris VandeVelde to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing John McCarthy, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Andrej Sustr to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Zack Kassian, goaltender Joe Cannata and defenseman Yannick Weber.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Kris Newbury, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.

Jul 3, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Tyson Strachan, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Sena Acolatse, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Paul Byron to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Tim Gleason, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed center Ben Holmstrom, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers; signed defenseman Michal Jordan to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Jared Staal to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Nick Tarnasky, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Aaron Johnson, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Zach Sill to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Mike Santorelli, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract; signed center Petri Kontiola to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Troy Bodie to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Tim Kennedy, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.

Jul 2, 2014
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Andrew Campbell, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings.
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Jeremy Smith, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jay McClement, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed center Greg Nemisz and left wing Zach Boychuk to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Kyle Cumiskey to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Vernon Fiddler to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Blake Parlett, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Sam Brittain to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Joel Rechlicz, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Olli Jokinen, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Nikolai Kulemin, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a four-year contract; signed center Mikhail Grabovski, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a four-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Chris Bourque to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Carter Camper, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Nick Schultz, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Zack Stortini, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Andrew Gordon, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Jason Akeson to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Steve Downie, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Tye McGinn from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick (70th overall, Flyers selected Felix Sandstrom) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing John Scott, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Radim Vrbata, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Dustin Jeffrey, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed center Cal O'Reilly and defenseman Bobby Sanguinetti.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed goaltender Michael Hutchinson to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Will O'Neill to a one-year contract.

Jul 1, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Jason LaBarbera, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Clayton Stoner, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a four-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Joe Vitale, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Devan Dubnyk, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Mike McKenna, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; signed center Alexandre Bolduc, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract; ; signed center Justin Hodgman and defenseman Dylan Reese to one-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Christopher Breen, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Josh Gorges from the Montreal Canadiens for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota, later traded to Chicago) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; signed right wing Brian Gionta, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a three-year contract; signed left wing Matt Moulson, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a five-year contract; signed center Cody McCormick, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Andrej Meszaros, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Marcus Foligno to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Mason Raymond, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Jonas Hiller, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Deryk Engelland, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Drew MacIntyre, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Jiri Tlusty to a one-year contract; signed center Brad Malone, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Brad Richards, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed center Cody Bass, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Pierre-Cedric Labrie, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Peter Regin to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Scott Darling, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Brad Stuart from the San Jose Sharks for a second-round pick (later traded back to Colorado) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (later traded back to Colorado) in the 2017 NHL Draft; signed right wing Jarome Iginla, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a three-year contract; signed center Jesse Winchester, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed center Ben Street, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Zach Redmond, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Bruno Gervais, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Nick Holden to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Frederic St-Denis to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Jason Spezza and left wing Ludwig Karlsson from the Ottawa Senators for right wing Alex Chiasson, left wings Alex Guptill and Nicholas Paul and a second-round pick (later traded to New Jersey) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; signed right wing Ales Hemsky, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Anders Lindback, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Patrick Eaves, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Kevin Porter, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Kyle Quincey to a two-year contract; signed center Andy Miele, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Riley Sheahan to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Benoit Pouliot, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a five-year contract; signed defenseman Mark Fayne, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a four-year contract; signed defenseman Keith Aulie, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Luke Gazdic to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Dave Bolland, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a five-year contract; signed left wing Jussi Jokinen, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Al Montoya, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Shawn Thornton, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed center Derek MacKenzie, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Willie Mitchell, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing David Van Der Gulik, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Adam Cracknell, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Thomas Vanek, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Stu Bickel, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Brett Sutter, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Guillaume Gelinas to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Manny Malhotra, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Tom Gilbert, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Joey MacDonald, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Mike Weaver to a one-year contract; signed center Jiri Sekac to a two-year contract; signed center Jeremy Gregoire to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Mike Cammalleri, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a five-year contract; signed right wing Martin Havlat, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Scott Clemmensen, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Steve Bernier to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Chad Johnson, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman T.J. Brennan, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender David Leggio, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Jack Skille, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Harry Zolnierczyk, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; signed center Cory Conacher, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract; signed center Kael Mouillierat to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Dan Boyle, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Mike Kostka, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Tanner Glass, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a three-year contract; signed center Chris Mueller, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Hunwick, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Cedrick Desjardins, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; re-signed center Dominic Moore to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Steven Kampfer, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Milan Michalek to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Blair Jones, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender Ray Emery to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Christian Ehrhoff, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Thomas Greiss, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Blake Comeau, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Taylor Chorney, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract; re-signed centers Marcel Goc and Nicholas Drazenovic to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Taylor Fedun, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Paul Stastny, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a four-year contract; signed center Jori Lehtera to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Anton Stralman, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a five-year contract; signed center Brian Boyle, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Evgeni Nabokov, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Mike Blunden, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Mike Angelidis to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Matt Frattin from the Columbus Blue Jackets for left wing Jerry D'Amigo and a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; signed defenseman Stephane Robidas, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a three-year contract; signed left wing Leo Komarov to a four-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Ryan Miller, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Alex Biega to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Matt Niskanen, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a seven-year contract; signed defenseman Brooks Orpik, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a five-year contract; signed goaltender Justin Peters, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Mike Moore, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jon Landry, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Chris Conner, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Michael Latta to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Mathieu Perreault, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a three-year contract.

Jun 30, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Igor Bobkov to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Bought out the contract of defenseman Shane O'Brien; tendered qualifying offers to centers Lance Bouma and Joe Colborne, defensemen Mark Cundari and Chad Billins, right wing Ben Hanowski and goaltender Joni Ortio.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Daniel Briere from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing P.A. Parenteau and a fifth-round pick (131st overall, Canadiens selected Matthew Bradley) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Thomas McCollum to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Tendered qualifying offers to goaltender Richard Bachman, left wings Luke Gazdic, Curtis Hamilton and Roman Horak, defensemen Philip Larsen, Jeff Petry, Tyler Pitlick and Justin Schultz, and center Andrew Miller.
Florida Panthers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Ed Jovanovski.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Jeff Schultz to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Bought out the contract of defenseman Anton Volchenkov.
Philadelphia Flyers: Tendered qualifying offers to right wing Jason Akeson, defensemen Erik Gustafsson and Brandon Manning and left wing Tye McGinn.
St. Louis Blues: Tendered qualifying offers to left wings Jaden Schwartz and Sergey Andronov, center Vladimir Sobotka, defenseman David Shields and right wing Sebastian Wannstrom.
San Jose Sharks: Tendered qualifying offers to defensemen Jason Demers, Taylor Doherty and Matt Tennyson, and centers James Sheppard and Tommy Wingels.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Tendered qualifying offers to right wings Brett Connolly, Cody Kunyk and Richard Panik, left wing Philippe Paradis, and defensemen Dmitry Korobov and Andrej Sustr.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Bought out the contract of defenseman Tim Gleason.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Adam Pardy to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Chris Thorburn to a three-year contract.

Jun 29, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Nate Thompson from the Tampa Bay Lightning for fourth- (118th overall, Lightning selected Jonne Tammela) and seventh-round picks (later traded to Edmonton) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired center Sam Gagner and right wing B.J. Crombeen from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a sixth-round pick (153rd overall, Lightning selected Kristian Oldham) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Bought out the contract of defenseman Christian Ehrhoff.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired right wing Teddy Purcell from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Sam Gagner.

Jun 28, 2014
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton via Los Angeles; 63rd overall, Red Wings selected Dominic Turgeon) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for third-round picks in the 2014 (76th overall, Blue Jackets selected Elvis Merzlikins) and 2015 (later traded to Anaheim) NHL Entry Drafts.
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Brandon Bollig from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 83rd overall, Blackhawks selected Matheson Iacopelli) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Dalton Prout to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a third-round pick (65th overall, Panthers selected Juho Lammikko) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for a third-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a third-round pick (73rd overall, Canadiens selected Brett Lernout) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for third- and fourth-round picks (87th and 117th overall, Coyotes selected Anton Karlsson and Michael Bunting) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Florida via Chicago; 62nd overall, Predators selected Justin Kirkland) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for third- and fourth-round picks (72nd and 102nd overall, Sharks selected Alex Schoenborn and Alexis Vanier) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired a seventh-round pick (189th overall, Senators selected Kelly Summers) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the Winnipeg Jets for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Carolina) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit; 46th overall, Sharks selected Julius Bergman) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a second-round pick (51st overall, Predators selected Jack Dougherty) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (100th overall, Predators selected Anthony Richard) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired a third-round pick (79th overall, Lightning selected Brayden Point) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the Minnesota Wild for a third-round pick (80th overall, Wild selected Louis Belpedio) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 204th overall, Wild selected Jack Sadek) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (119th overall, Lightning selected Ben Thomas) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for a fifth-round picks (one previously acquired from St. Louis; 140th and 142nd overall, Rangers selected Daniel Walcott and Tyler Nanne) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (185th overall, Lightning selected Cameron Darcy) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for seventh-round picks in the 2014 (200th overall, Islanders selected Lukas Sutter) and 2015 (later traded to Vancouver via San Jose) NHL Entry Drafts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Roman Polak from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Carl Gunnarsson and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary; 94th overall, Blues selected Ville Husso) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Linden Vey from the Los Angeles Kings for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 50th overall, Kings selected Roland McKeown) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg via Minnesota; 39th overall, Caps selected Vitek Vanecek) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for second- and third-round picks (44th and 74th overall, Sabres selected Eric Cornel and Brycen Martin) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a third-round pick (89th overall, Capitals selected Nathan Walker) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for fourth-round picks (one previously acquired from Chicago via the New York Islanders; 104th and 118th overall, Rangers selected Ryan Mantha and Igor Shesterkin) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Eddie Pasquale and a sixth-round pick (159th overall, Capitals selected Steven Spinner) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the Winnipeg Jets for sixth- and seventh-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Nashville; 164th and 192nd overall, Jets selected Pavel Kraskovsky and Matt Ustaski) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a seventh-round pick (203rd overall, Jets selected Matteo Gennaro) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 27, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Ryan Kesler and a third-round pick (84th overall, Ducks selected Deven Sideroff) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for center Nick Bonino, defenseman Luca Sbisa, and first- (24th overall, Canucks selected Jared McCann) and third-round picks (later traded to the New York Rangers) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired first- (20th overall, Blackhawks selected Nick Schmaltz) and sixth-round (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 179th overall, Blackhawks selected Ivan Nalimov) picks in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft for first- (27th overall, Sharks selected Nikolay Goldobin) and third-round (previously acquired from Florida, later traded to Nashville) picks in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed right wing Ben Smith, left wing Jeremy Morin and goaltender Antti Raanta to two-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing James Neal from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Patric Hornqvist and center Nick Spaling.
New York Islanders: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 28th overall, Islanders selected Joshua Ho-Sang) from the Tampa Bay Lightning for two second-round picks (one previously acquired from Montreal; 35th and 57th overall, Lightning selected Dominik Masin and Johnathan MacLeod) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Bought out the contract of center Mike Ribeiro.
San Jose Sharks: Named Niklas Sundstrom European scout; bought out the contract of left wing Martin Havlat.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Jason Garrison, left wing Jeff Costello and a seventh-round pick (later traded to Minnesota) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for a second-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed defenseman Mark Barberio to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Derek Dorsett from the New York Rangers for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 85th overall, Rangers selected Keegan Iverson) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 26, 2014
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Patrik Berglund to a three-year contract.

Jun 25, 2014
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender Jonas Gustavsson to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Nikita Nikitin from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 137th overall, Blue Jackets selected Tyler Bird) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; signed Nikitin to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Marian Gaborik to a seven-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Mike Johnston head coach; named Rick Tocchet assistant coach.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Travis Oleksuk to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Bought out the contract of left wing Ryan Malone; re-signed right wing Ryan Callahan to a six-year contract; re-signed right wing J.T. Brown to a two-year contract.

Jun 24, 2014
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Chris Terry to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Ron Hainsey to a three-year contract; signed center Nathan Gerbe to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Matt Greene to a four-year contract.

Jun 23, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Named Trent Yawney assistant coach; extended the contracts of senior vice president of hockey operations David McNab and director of player personnel Rick Paterson; promoted director of professional scouting Dave Baseggio to assistant general manager.
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Niklas Svedberg to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Steve Smith assistant coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired left wing Scott Hartnell from the Philadelphia Flyers for left wing R.J. Umberger and a conditional fourth-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; signed goaltender Curtis McElhinney to a one-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Andrei Markov to a three-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Mike Hoffman to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Brayden Scheen to a multi-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Willie Desjardins head coach.
Washington Capitals: Named Mitch Korn goaltending coach; named Todd Reirden and Lane Lambert assistant coaches.

Jun 21, 2014
Florida Panthers: Named Gerard Gallant head coach.

Jun 20, 2014
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Ricky Olczyk assistant general manager.
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of right wing Toby Petersen.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Cam Janssen to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Bought out the contract of center Brad Richards.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Brandon Kozun to a one-year contract.

Jun 19, 2014
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Bill Peters head coach.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Jamie McGinn to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Bought out the contract of right wing Jordan Tootoo.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Alex Killorn to a two-year contract.

Jun 18, 2014
Boston Bruins: Announced the resignation of assistant coach Geoff Ward.
Buffalo Sabres: Bought out the contract of center Ville Leino.
Los Angeles Kings: Promoted John Stevens to associate head coach; re-signed assistant coach Davis Payne and goaltending coach Bill Ranford.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed right wing Mike Sislo to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Gord Murphy assistant coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Bought out the contract of center David Booth.

Jun 17, 2014
Dallas Stars: Bought out the contract of defenseman Aaron Rome.
Detroit Red Wings: Waived right wing Jordin Tootoo.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Dale Weise to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed goaltender Alex Stalock and right wing Mike Brown to two-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Waived center David Booth.

Jun 16, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed associate coach Craig Hartsburg, goaltending coach Ian Clark and development coach Chris Clark to multi-year contract extensions; named Brad Larsen assistant coach; named Jared Bednar head coach at Springfield of the AHL.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Iiro Pakarinen.
Nashville Predators: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Cincinnati of the ECHL.
New York Islanders: Named Greg Cronin assistant coach.
Washington Capitals: Promoted Ross Mahoney to assistant general manager.

Jun 14, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Louis Leblanc from the Montreal Canadiens for a conditional fifth-round pick in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed head coach Michel Therrien to a four-year contract extension.

Jun 13, 2014
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Kimmo Timonen to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 12, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Steve Pinizzotto to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Named Ben Vanderklok goaltending coach.

Jun 11, 2014
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Petr Zamorsky.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Pierre-Edouard Bellemare.

Jun 10, 2014
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Dennis Rasmussen to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Craig Ramsay assistant coach.

Jun 9, 2014
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Ondrej Palat to a three-year contract.

Jun 6, 2014
Calgary Flames: Named Craig Conroy and Brad Pascall assistant general managers.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Jim Rutherford general manager; named Jason Botterill associate general manager; named Bill Guerin and Tom Fitzgerald assistant general managers; fired head coach Dan Bylsma.

Jun 5, 2014
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Michael Keranen to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Dan Boyle from the San Jose Sharks for a conditional fifth-round pick (a fourth-round pick if Boyle re-signs with the Islanders; 142nd overall, Sharks selected Rudolfs Balcers) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 4, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Simon Hjalmarsson to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced an affiliation agreement with Reading of the ECHL.

Jun 3, 2014
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Marek Zidlicky.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Antoine Bibeau to a three-year contract.

Jun 2, 2014
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Carter Hutton to a two-year contract extension; signed right wing Max Gortz to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Mackenzie Skapski; signed defenseman Calle Andersson to a three-year contract.

Jun 1, 2014
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Linus Arnesson to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Steven Hodges to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Nicholas Baptiste to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed head coach Mike Yeo to a contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Jesse Graham to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Oskar Sundqvist to a three-year contract.

May 30, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Daniel Zaar to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Dalton Thrower to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of left wing Eric Wellwood.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Melker Karlsson to a one-year contract.

May 29, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Brady Austin to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Roman Will, right wing Dennis Everberg and center Troy Bourke.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Jason Dickinson to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman MacKenzie Weegar.

May 28, 2014
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Nick Ebert to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Johan Alm to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Ville Pokka to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Max McCormick to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Joakim Lindstrom to a one-year contract.

May 27, 2014:
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Linus Ullmark to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Erik Karlsson to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of defenseman Sandis Ozolinsh.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed head coach Todd Richards to a two-year contract extension through the 2016-17 season.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Valentin Zykov to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Named Jim Corsi goaltending coach.
Washington Capitals: Named Barry Trotz head coach; promoted Brian McLellan to senior vice president and general manager.

May 26, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Nicolas Deslauriers to a two-year contract.

May 23, 2014
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wings Ben Johnson and Ben Thomson.
San Jose Sharks: Named Larry Robinson associate coach and director of player development.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Tyler Johnson to a three-year contract.

May 22, 2014
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Jaroslav 3 to a four-year contract.

May 21, 2014
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Dylan Blujus to a three-year contract.

May 19, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed executive vice president and general manager Bob Murray to a four-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Brian Elliott to a three-year contract.

May 16, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of right wing Teemu Selanne.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Alexander Wennberg to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Fired general manager Ray Shero; named Jason Botterill interim general manager; signed right wing Josh Archibald to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Christian Djoos to a three-year contract.

May 14, 2014
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Vincent LoVerde to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Patrick Mullen to a one-year contract.

May 13, 2014
St. Louis Blues: Named Kirk Muller assistant coach.
Washington Capitals: Extended their affiliation agreement with Hershey of the AHL through the 2014-15 season; re-signed right wing Garrett Mitchell to a one-year contract.

May 12, 2014
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing David Wolf.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Anton Lander to a one-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Chris Summers to a two-year contract.

May 9, 2014
Los Angeles Kings: Named Michael Futa vice president of hockey operations and director of player personnel.

May 8, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Oscar Dansk to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Bogdan Yakimov to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Greg Pateryn to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Extended their affiliation agreement with Milwaukee of the AHL through the 2016-17 season.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Marek Langhammer to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Extended the contract of head coach Randy Carlyle through the 2015-16 season; fired assistant coaches Greg Cronin, Scott Gordon and Dave Farrish.

May 7, 2014
Florida Panthers: Signed center Rocco Grimaldi.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Pontus Aberg to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Paul Holmgren president, named Ron Hextall general manager.
Phoenix Coyotes: Extended their affiliation agreement with Portland of the AHL through the 2014-15 season.

May 6, 2014
Nashville Predators: Named Peter Laviolette head coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Andrei Vasilevskii to a three-year contract.

May 5, 2014
Carolina Hurricanes: Fired head coach Kirk Muller and assistant coaches John MacLean and Dave Lewis.

May 2, 2014
New York Islanders: Named Brent Thompson head coach at Bridgeport of the AHL.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Mikael Wikstrand to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of goaltender Mathieu Garon.

May 1, 2014
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Brian O'Neill to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Acquired goaltender Jaroslav Halak from the Washington Capitals for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago, later traded to the New York Rangers) in the the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Announced the retirement of defenseman Tom Poti.

Apr 30, 2014
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed right wing Jaromir Jagr to a one-year contract.

Apr 29, 2014
Florida Panthers: Fired interim head coach Peter Horachek.

Apr 28, 2014
Calgary Flames: Named Brad Treliving general manager.
Carolina Hurricanes: Fired general manager Jim Rutherford; promoted Ron Francis to executive vice president and general manager.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Loic Leduc to a three-year contract.

Apr 26, 2014
Washington Capitals: Fired head coach Adam Oates; announced that they will not renew the contract of vice president and general manager George McPhee.

Apr 24, 2014
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Connor Crisp to a three-year contract; signed left wing Daniel Carr to a two-year contract.

Apr 22, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Dillon Simpson to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Garrett Noonan to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jaynen Rissling to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Graham Black.

Apr 21, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Named Bill Scott assistant general manager.

Apr 19, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Kenton Helgesen to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Jaynen Rissling from the Washington Capitals for a seventh-round pick (later traded to Winnipeg) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Jake Dotchin.

Apr 16, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Offered assistant coaches Joe Sacco and Jerry Forton reassignment within the hockey department; announced that the contracts of assistant coach Teppo Numminen and goaltending coach Jim Corsi will not be renewed; announced an affiliation agreement with Elmira of the ECHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Viktor Loov to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed head coach Paul Maurice to a four-year contract extension.

Apr 15, 2014
Nashville Predators: Signed center Felix Girard to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Mat Bodie.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Andrew MacDonald to a six-year contract extension; signed defenseman Shayne Gostisbehere.

Apr 14, 2014
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Jacob de la Rose to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Fired head coach Barry Trotz.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Brendan Shanahan president.

Apr 12, 2014
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Patrick Brown to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Dustin Tokarski to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 11, 2014
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Brian Ferlin.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Bill Arnold and left wing Johnny Gaudreau.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of left wing Ryan Smyth.

Apr 10, 2014
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Ryan Rupert to a three-year contract.

Apr 9, 2014
Vancouver Canucks: Named Trevor Linden president of hockey operations and alternate governor.

Apr 8, 2014
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Trevor Lewis to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Fired general manager Mike Gillis.

Apr 7, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Ryan Faragher to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Justin Hache to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed general manager Steve Yzerman.

Apr 6, 2014
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Henri Ikonen.

Apr 5, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Nicolas Kerdiles to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Connor Hellebuyck to a three-year contract.

Apr 4, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Jaycob Megna to a three-year contract.

Apr 3, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Nick Sorensen to a three-year contract.

Apr 2, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Jake McCabe to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Stephen Johns to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Ryan Dzingel to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Scott Wilson to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Carter Verhaeghe to a three-year contract.

Apr 1, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center T.J. Tynan to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Christian Folin to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Garret Thompson to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Chris Driedger to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Bryan Rust to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Adam Erne.

Mar 31, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Named Ted Nolan head coach.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Jordan Oesterle to a two-year contract; signed center Mark Arcobello to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Chris McCarthy.

Mar 29, 2014
Calgary Flames: Signed center Bryce van Brabant to a two-year contract.

Mar 27, 2014
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Ryan Culkin to a three-year contract.

Mar 26, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Matt Bailey to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Phil Di Giuseppe to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Mac Bennett to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Kevin Goumas.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Ryan Carpenter.

Mar 25, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Josh Manson to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Eric Knodel to a one-year contract, commencing at the start of the 2014-15 season.

Mar 24, 2014
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Justin Faulk to a six-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Trevor van Riemsdyk to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Gustav Olofsson to a three-year contract.

Mar 23, 2014
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Eric Boulton to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 22, 2014
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Michael Raffl to a multi-year contract extension.

Mar 21, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Joonas Korpisalo to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Robert Hagg.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Petteri Lindbohm to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Caleb Herbert to a two-year contract.

Mar 20, 2014
Boston Bruins: Signed center Ben Sexton.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Dennis Robertson to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Matt Carey to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Cody Kunyk to a one-year contract.

Mar 19, 2014
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Brandon Mashinter to a two-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Greg Carey.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center/left wing Zach Pochiro to a three-year contract.

Mar 18, 2014
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Brett Kulak to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of left wing Darcy Hordichuk.

Mar 17, 2014
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Ken Agostino to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Ryan Graves.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Thomas Vannelli to a three-year contract.

Mar 15, 2014
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Adam Pelech to a three-year contract.

Mar 14, 2014
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center John Mitchell to a three-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Mark Dano, their first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft to a three-year contract.

Mar 13, 2014
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Dmitry Orlov to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 12, 2014
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Ryan Haggerty.

Mar 11, 2014
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Kevin Czuczman to a two-year contract.

Mar 10, 2014
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Dillon Fournier to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Yanni Gourde.

Mar 8, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of defenseman Rostislav Klesla.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Evgeny Kuznetsov to a three-year contract.

Mar 7, 2014
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Barclay Goodrow.

Mar 5, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Andre Petersson from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Alex Grant.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Andrej Meszaros from the Philadelphia Flyers for a conditional third-round pick (if Boston does not re-sign Meszaros; 86th overall, Flyers selected Mark Friedman) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (if Meszaros re-signs with Boston before the 2014 NHL Entry Draft) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; claimed defenseman Corey Potter off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired right wing Hudson Fasching and defenseman Nicolas Deslauriers from the Los Angeles Kings for defenseman Brayden McNabb, right wing Jonathan Parker and second-round picks (both previously acquired from Los Angeles) in the 2014 (60th overall, Kings selected Alex Lintuniemi) and 2015 (43rd overall, Kings selected Erik Cernak) NHL Entry Drafts; claimed center Cory Conacher off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Reto Berra from the Calgary Flames for a second-round pick (54th overall, Flames selected Hunter Smith) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Nick Schultz from the Edmonton Oilers for a fifth-round pick (later traded back to Columbus) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Dana Tyrell and defenseman Matt Taormina from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wings Jonathan Marchessault and Dalton Smith.
Dallas Stars: Acquired goaltender Tim Thomas from the Florida Panthers for goaltender Dan Ellis.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired center David Legwand from the Nashville Predators for right wing Patrick Eaves, center Calle Jarnkrok and a conditional second-round pick (if Detroit qualifies for the 2014 Stanley Cup playoffs; later traded to San Jose) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Marian Gaborik from the Columbus Blue Jackets for right wing Matt Frattin, a second-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto, later traded back to Toronto) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional third-round pick (if Los Angeles wins one round in the 2014 Stanley Cup playoffs; previously acquired from Edmonton, later traded to Detroit) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing James Livingston from the San Jose Sharks for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; signed goaltender Patrik Bartosak to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Matt Moulson and center Cody McCormick from the Buffalo Sabres for left wing Torrey Mitchell and second-round picks in the 2014 (previously acquired from Winnipeg, later traded to Washington) and 2016 (later traded to Chicago via Montreal) NHL Entry Drafts.
Montreal Canadies: Acquired right wing Thomas Vanek and a conditional fifth-round pick (if Montreal qualifies for the 2014 Stanley Cup playoffs; 125th overall, Canadiens selected Niklas Koberstein) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for right wing Sebastien Collberg and a conditional second-round pick (if Montreal qualifies for the 2014 Stanley Cup playoffs; later traded to Tampa Bay) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Devan Dubnyk from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Tuomu Ruutu from the Carolina Hurricanes for center Andrei Loktionov and a conditional third-round pick (67th overall, Hurricanes selected Morgan Geekie) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Martin St. Louis and a conditional (if Callahan is re-signed by Tampa Bay for the 2014-15 season) second-round pick (later traded to Calgary via Arizona) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for right wing Ryan Callahan, a first-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft, a conditional first-round pick (if the Rangers advance to the 2014 Eastern Conference Finals; later traded to the New York Islanders) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional (if Callahan is re-signed by Tampa Bay for the 2014-15 season) seventh-round pick (later traded to Edmonton via the New York Rangers) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Raphael Diaz from the Vancouver Canucks for a fifth-round pick (149th overall, Canucks selected Adam Gaudette) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Ales Hemsky from the Edmonton Oilers for a fifth-round pick (130th overall, Oilers selected Liam Coughlin) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; signed defenseman Chris Phillips to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Lee Stempniak from the Calgary Flames for a third-round pick (later traded to Chicago) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Marcel Goc from the Florida Panthers for a fifth-round pick (143rd overall, Panthers selected Miguel Fidler) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (77th overall, Panthers selected Samuel Montembault) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired goaltender Jaroslav Halak and a third-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for goaltender Michal Neuvirth and defenseman Rostislav Klesla.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Mark Stuart to a four-year contract extension.


Mar 4, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Stephane Robidas from the Dallas Stars for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if Anaheim advances to the 2014 Western Conference Finals and Robidas plays in at least 50% of Anaheim's playoff games; previously re-acquired from Washington; 115th overall, Stars selected Brent Moran) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Anton Khudobin to a two-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defensemen David Rundblad and Mathieu Brisebois from the Phoenix Coyotes for a second-round pick (58th overall, Coyotes selected Christian Dvorak) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired goaltender Viktor Fasth from the Anaheim Ducks for a fifth-round pick (123rd overall, Ducks selected Matthew Berkowitz) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; signed goaltender Kurtis Mucha.
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Roberto Luongo and left wing Steven Anthony from the Vancouver Canucks for goaltender Jacob Markstrom and center Shawn Matthias; signed center Brad Boyes to a two-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov from the Edmonton Oilers for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo; 91st overall, Oilers selected William Lagesson) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft; signed right wing Zack Mitchell to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadies: Acquired defenseman Mike Weaver from the Florida Panthers for a fifth-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Patrick Mullen from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Jeff Costello.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Andrew MacDonald from the New York Islanders for center Matt Mangene, a third-round pick (78th overall, Islanders selected Ilya Sorokin) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to Boston) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired right wing Martin Erat and left wing John Mitchell from the Washington Capitals for center Chris Brown, defenseman Rostislav Klesla and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Carolina) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Dustin Penner from the Anaheim Ducks for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim, later traded to Dallas) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 3, 2014
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Brandon Bollig to a three-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Ben Scrivens to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Brandon Pirri from the Chicago Blackhawks for a third-round pick (later traded to Nashville via San Jose) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (later traded to St. Louis) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Kurtis Gabriel to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Justin Johnson to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired left wing Eric Selleck and defenseman Doug Janik from the Florida Panthers for right wing Mark Mancari.

Mar 1, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Tim Jackman to a one-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the resignation of director of hockey operations Pat LaFontaine.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Brady Brassart to a three-year contract.

Feb 28, 2014
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Colton Sceviour to a two-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Dan Girardi to a six-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired goaltender Ryan Miller, center Steve Ott, a conditional second-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota) and a conditional third-round pick (if Miller does not re-sign with St. Louis for the 2014–15 NHL season, later traded to Florida) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for goaltender Jaroslav Halak, right wing Chris Stewart, left wing William Carrier, a conditional first-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and a first-round pick (later traded to Winnipeg) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 27, 2014
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Marc-Andre Cliche to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 26, 2014
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Brian Connelly from the Minnesota Wild for left wing Brad Winchester.

Feb 25, 2014
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of left wing Lane MacDermid.

Feb 24, 2014
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of right wing Milan Hejduk.

Feb 23, 2014
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed defenseman Mike Kostka off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.

Feb 18, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Terminated the contract of left wing Linus Omark.

Feb 17, 2014
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender John Curry to a two-year contract.

Feb 8, 2014
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Kris Russell to a two-year contract.

Feb 7, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Carter Camper from the Boston Bruins for defenseman Blake Parlett.

Feb 6, 2014
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired centers Peter Regin and Pierre-Marc Bouchard from the New York Islanders for a fourth-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers via Washington) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Paul Thompson from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Spencer Machacek.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired right wing Steve Quailer from the Montreal Canadiens for center Robert Czarnik.

Feb 5, 2014
Minnesota Wild: Acquired right wing Curt Gogol from the San Jose Sharks for center Chad Rau.

Feb 3, 2014
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Raphael Diaz from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Dale Weise.

Jan 31, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Mark Fraser from the Toronto Maple Leafs for right wing Cameron Abney and left wing Teemu Hartikainen.

Jan 30, 2014
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Semyon Varlamov to a five-year contract extension.

Jan 29, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Mark Fistric to a three-year contract extension.

Jan 24, 2014
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced the retirement of left wing Vaclav Prospal.
San Jose Sharks: Signed centers Patrick Marleau and Joe Thornton to three-year contract extensions.

Jan 22, 2014
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Michael Del Zotto from the New York Rangers for defenseman Kevin Klein.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Brandon Kozun from the Los Angeles Kings for center Andrew Crescenzi.

Jan 21, 2014
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Kevan Miller to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender David LeNeveau.

Jan 20, 2014
Calgary Flames: Signed center Matt Stajan to a four-year contract extension.

Jan 17, 2014
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Ryan Martindale from the Edmonton Oilers for center Steve Pinizzotto and right wing Jack Combs.

Jan 16, 2014
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of left wing Steve Begin.

Jan 15, 2014
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired goaltender Ben Scrivens from the Los Angeles Kings for a third-round pick (later traded to Detroit via Columbus) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired goaltender Devan Dubnyk from the Edmonton Oilers for center Matt Hendricks.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of right wing Jamie Langenbrunner; signed right wing Ryan Reaves to four-year contract extension.

Jan 10, 2014
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Ken Reiter to a one-year contract.

Jan 9, 2014
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of defenseman Wade Redden.
Buffalo Sabres: Named Tim Murray general manager; named Craig Patrick special assistant and advisor to the hockey department. 

Jan 8, 2014
New Jersey Devils: Claimed defenseman Alexander Urbom off waivers from the Washington Capitals.

Jan 7, 2014
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Nate Guenin to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 5, 2014
Phoenix Coyotes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Gilbert Brule.

Jan 4, 2014
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Andrew Cogliano to a four-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Dan Carcillo from the Los Angeles Kings for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition unknown; 209th overall, Kings selected Spencer Watson) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 3, 2014
Buffalo Sabres: Claimed center Zenon Konopka off waivers from the Minnesota Wild.

Jan 2, 2014
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Jonathan-Ismael Diaby to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Anthony Duclair to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed left wing Taylor Pyatt off waivers from the New York Rangers.

Jan 1, 2014
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the retirement of center Gilbert Brule.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Tim Gleason from the Carolina Hurricanes for defensemen John-Michael Liles and Dennis Robertson.
