Dec 31, 2009
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Shawn Lalonde to a three-year contract.

Dec 28, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Waived left wing Kyle Calder.
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Jason Chimera from the Columbus Blue Jackets for right wing Chris Clark and defenseman Milan Jurcina.

Dec 26, 2009
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Alexander Semin to a one-year contract extension.

Dec 21, 2009
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Anders Eriksson.

Dec 20, 2009
Vancouver Canucks: Named Dave Babych player development consultant and Glen Hanlon goaltender scout.

Dec 15, 2009
Philadelphia Flyers: Claimed goaltender Michael Leighton off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.

Dec 9, 2009
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Michael Stone.

Dec 8, 2009
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Pascal Pelletier from Columbus for defenseman Brendan Bell and center Tomas Kana.

Dec 7, 2009
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of right wing Darren McCarty.
Nashville Predators: Released left wing Matt Pierce.

Dec 5, 2009
Washington Capitals: Claimed left wing Chris Bourque off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Dec 4, 2009
Philadelphia Flyers: Fired head coach John Stevens, named Peter Laviolette head coach.

Dec 3, 2009
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Duncan Keith to a 13-year contract extension and right wing Patrick Kane and center Jonathan Toews to five-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Philippe Paradis from the Carolina Hurricanes for center Jiri Tlusty.

Dec 2, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Kyle Chipchura from the Montreal Canadiens for a fourth-round pick (113th overall, Canadiens selected Magnus Nygren) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Claimed center Erik Christensen off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Oskars Bartulis to a multi-year contract extension.

Dec 1, 2009
Boston Bruins: Signed center Marc Savard to a seven-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Claimed defenseman Jay Leach off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.

Nov 28, 2009
Colorado Avalanche: Waived defenseman Tom Preissing.

Nov 23, 2009
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Guillaume Latendresse from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Benoit Pouliot.

Nov 21, 2009
Minnesota Wild: Claimed center Andrew Ebbett off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.

Nov 17, 2009
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of right wing Brendan Shanahan.

Nov 11, 2009
Detroit Red Wings: Claimed left wing Drew Miller off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Nov 10, 2009
Florida Panthers: Claimed left wing Steve MacIntyre off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.

Nov 9, 2009
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Manny Legace, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.

Nov 6, 2009
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed defenseman Jay Leach off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Dean McAmmond, who had been with the New York Islanders.

Nov 5, 2009
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Tuukka Rask to a two-year contract extension through the 2011-12 season.

Oct 29, 2009
Los Angeles Kings: Claimed defenseman Randy Jones off re-entry waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.

Oct 28, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Kyle Calder, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.

Oct 23, 2009
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Jonathan Quick and defenseman Davis Drewiske to three-year contract extensions.

Oct 20, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Rich Peverley to a multi-year contract extension.
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Daniel Paille from the Buffalo Sabres for a third-round pick (75th overall, Sabres selected Kevin Sundher) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Michael Ratchuk from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Stefan Legein.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Matt Carkner to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Cody Eakin to a three-year contract.

Oct 19, 2009
New Jersey Devils: Waived defenseman Cory Murphy.

Oct 18, 2009
Minnesota Wild: Acquired right wing Chuck Kobasew from the Boston Bruins for right wings Craig Weller and Alexander Fallstrom and a second-round pick (40th overall, Bruins selected Alexander Khokhlachev) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 17, 2009
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed center Andrew Ebbett off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Oct 10, 2009
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed left wing Radek Smolenak off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.

Oct 8, 2009
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired left wing Jordan LaVallee-Smotherman from the Atlanta Thrashers for future considerations.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Brad May, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.

Oct 7, 2009
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Kyle Greentree from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Aaron Johnson.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Dave Scatchard to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Waived right wing Brendan Shanahan.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Simon Despres to a three-year contract.

Oct 6, 2009
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Milan Lucic to a three-year contract extension through the 2012-13 season.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Marc-Andre Bergeron, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.

Oct 5, 2009
Florida Panthers: Signed center Dominic Moore, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.

Oct 3, 2009
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Rostislav Klesla to a four-year contract extension through the 2013-14 season.

Oct 2, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed defenseman Christoph Schubert off re-entry waivers from the Ottawa Senators.
Florida Panthers: Named Randy Sexton general manager.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Adam Oates assistant coach, Imran Khan assistant general manager/strategic planning and Liz Sylvia manager of hockey administration. Elected not to renew the contract of assistant general manager Claude Loiselle.

Oct 1, 2009
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Stephane Robidas to a four-year contract extension through the 2013-14 season.
New Jersey Devils: Announced right wing Brendan Shanahan has left the team.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Blair Betts, who had been with the New York Rangers.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Colin Long.

Sep 30, 2009
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed goaltender Cam Ward to a six-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Andy Hilbert to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Francis Bouillon to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Alexei Semenov, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed left wing Paul Bissonnette off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins; signed center/left wing Matt Watkins.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed left wing Chris Bourque off waivers from the Washington Capitals.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Mitch Fritz, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced the retirement of center Mats Sundin.

Sep 29, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Mark Popovic and right wing Maxim Afinogenov.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Waived left wing Alexandre Picard and defenseman Mathieu Roy; released defenseman Martin Skoula; signed defensemen David Liffiton and Dylan Reese.
Edmonton Oilers: Waived left wing Liam Reddox.
New Jersey Devils: Waived defensemen Rob Davison, Jay Leach and Tim Sestito.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Robert Lang, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Martin Skoula, who had been with the Minnesota Wild; waived left wings Paul Bissonnette and Ryan Bayda, right wing Chris Conner and defensemen Nate Guenin and Deryk Engelland. 
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Thomas Heemskerk.

Sep 28, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Released goaltender Manny Legace and center Dan Fritsche.
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of right wing Theo Fleury.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Anton Stralman from the Calgary Flames for a third-round pick (64th overall, Flames selected Maxwell Reinhart) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Ryan Hollweg, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Waived right wings Adam Hall and Brandon Bochenski and center Ryan Craig on waivers; released center Brett McLean.

Sep 27, 2009
Toronto Maple Leafs: Released defenseman Andy Rogers.

Sep 26, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Released defenseman Jassen Cullimore and left wing Kyle Calder.
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of center Mike Sillinger.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center James Wright to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of left wing Brad Isbister.

Sep 25, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Bret Hedican.
Calgary Flames: Released right wing Theo Fleury.
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed left wing Radek Smolenak off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Released defenseman Doug Lynch.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Rob Niedermayer, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks and left wing Andrew Peters, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Darryl Sydor, who had been with the Dallas Stars.
Vancouver Canucks: Released right wing Mark Parrish.

Sep 24, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Steve McCarthy from the Anaheim Ducks for future considerations.
Chicago Blackhawks: Waived right wing Danny Bois and defenseman Richard Petit.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Milan Hejduk to a one-year contract extension through the 2010-11 season.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of defenseman Patrice Brisebois.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the resignation of head coach Wayne Gretzky. Named Dave Tippett head coach, signed Tippett to a four-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed head coach Alain Vigneault to a a contract extension through the 2012-13 season.

Sep 23, 2009
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Manny Malhotra, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of goaltender Olaf Kolzig.

Sep 22, 2009
Buffalo Sabres: Released defenseman Ryan Stokes and goalie Glenn Fisher.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Kyle Clifford to a three-year contract.

Sep 21, 2009
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Ryan O'Reilly to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Waived defenseman Dean Arsene, center Ryan Potulny and left wing Chris Minard.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Dave King assistant coach and Grant Fuhr director of goaltending development.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-assigned Norfolk (AHL) general manager Mike Butters to professional scout. Announced executive vice president and general manager Brian Lawton will assume the general manager duties for Norfolk.

Sep 20, 2009
Phoenix Coyotes: Released defenseman Ross Lupaschuk and right wing Aaron Downey.

Sep 19, 2009
New York Rangers: Agreed to terms with center Brandon Dubinsky. 

Sep 18, 2009
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Phil Kessel from the Boston Bruins for first- (2nd overall, Bruins selected Tyler Seguin) and second-round (Toronto's own pick, previously re-acquired from Chicago via Montreal; 32nd overall, Bruins selected Jared Knight) picks in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft and a first-round pick (9th overall, Bruins selected Dougie Hamilton) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; signed right wing Phil Kessel to a five-year contract.

Sep 17, 2009
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Petr Sykora, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of goaltender Kevin Weekes.

Sep 14, 2009
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Dennis Seidenberg, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Keith Carney.

Sep 12, 2009
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Dany Heatley and a fifth-round pick (136th overall, Sharks selected Issac Macleod) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Ottawa Senators for left wing Milan Michalek, right wing Jonathan Cheechoo and a second-round pick (later traded to Chicago via the New York Islanders; 58th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Sep 10, 2009
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Mike Comrie, who had been with the Ottawa Senators.

Sep 8, 2009
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Derek Armstrong, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings.

Sep 5, 2009
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto via Montreal, later traded to Boston; 32nd overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for second- and third-round picks (the former previously acquired from Calgary; 43rd and 70th overall, Blackhawks selected Brandon Saad and Michael Paliotta) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Sep 4, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Shawn Wellar from the Ottawa Senators for right wing Jason Bailey; signed defenseman Steve Eminger, who had been with the Florida Panthers.

Sep 3, 2009
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of defenseman Philippe Boucher.

Sep 2, 2009
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of defenseman Jason Smith.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Taylor Pyatt, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Roberto Luongo to a contract-extension.

Sep 1, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Nathan McIver.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Torrey Mitchell and defenseman Brad Staubitz.

Aug 31, 2009
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Rob Hennigar the New York Islanders for center Bobby Hughes.

Aug 28, 2009
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Daniel Rahimi and center Patrick White from the Vancouver Canucks for defensemen Christian Ehrhoff and Brad Lukowich.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Alex Tanguay, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens; re-signed defenseman Matt Lashoff.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Invited center Jason Allison to training camp.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Mathieu Schneider, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.

Aug 26, 2009
Ottawa Senators: Named Pierre Dorion director of player personnel and Randy Lee director of hockey administration and player development.

Aug 25, 2009
Edmonton Oilers: Named Wayne Fleming assistant coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Martins Karsums.

Aug 21, 2009
Nashville Predators: Signed center Marcel Goc, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.

Aug 20, 2009
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Jeff Cowan, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Nathan Lawson.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Andy Chiodo to a one-year contract.

Aug 19, 2009
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Stephane Yelle, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.

Aug 18, 2009
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Todd Bertuzzi, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.

Aug 17, 2009
New York Rangers: Signed center Vinny Prospal, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Sergei Shirokov.

Aug 14, 2009
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Matt D'Agostini to a one-year contract.

Aug 13, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Evgeny Artyukhin from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Drew Miller and a third-round pick (72nd overall, Lightning selected Adam Janosik) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Aug 12, 2009
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Ladislav Smid to a two-year contract and centers Gilbert Brule and Ryan Stone to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Thomas Greiss to a two-year contract.

Aug 11, 2009
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Danny Syvret to a one-year contract, center Zac Rinaldo to a three-year  contract and goaltender Nicola Riopel and defenseman David Sloane to one-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced a one-year affiliation agreement with Las Vegas ECHL.

Aug 10, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired goaltender Justin Pogge from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional pick (a third-round pick if Pogge starts in at least 30 games for the Ducks or another team between the 2009-10 and 2010-11 seasons, otherwise a sixth-round pick; 173rd overall, Maple Leafs selected Dennis Robertson) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Mike Grier, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Gregory Stewart to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Ryan Jones to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Joey MacDonald, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Victoria of the ECHL.

Aug 6, 2009
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Jason Williams, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Drew Bannister to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of center Jeremy Roenick.
St. Louis Blues: Named Ed Belfour goaltending consultant.

Aug 5, 2009
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of defenseman Teppo Numminen.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed right wing Brendan Shanahan.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Tony Granato assistant coach.

Aug 4, 2009
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Patrick Eaves, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes.

Aug 3, 2009
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Blake Comeau to a two-year contract.

Aug 2, 2009
San Jose Sharks: Announced an affiliation agreement with Kalamazoo of the ECHL for the 2009-10 season.

Aug 1, 2009
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center/right wing Cody McCormick, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed goaltender John Curry.

Jul 31, 2009
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Rob Davison, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Wade Brookbank and center Wyatt Smith, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning and Phoenix Coyotes.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Brendan Bell, who had been with the Ottawa Senators.

Jul 30, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Michael Vernace, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche and left wing Josh Gratton, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Dustin Boyd.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Ole-Kristian Tollefsen, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Josh Tordjman to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Kyle Wellwood.

Jul 29, 2009
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Josh Harding to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Derek Smith and right wing Jeremy Yablonski to one-year contracts; signed right wings Keegan Dansereau and Brandon Svendsen.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Josh Tordjman to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Bryce Lampman.

Jul 28, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Named Pete Peeters goaltending consultant.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed goaltender Dan LaCosta to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Andy Delmore.
Minnesota Wild: Named Brent Flahr assistant general manager.

Jul 27, 2009
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Sam Klassen.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Wayne Primeau and a second-round pick (later traded to Chicago; 43rd overall) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Anton Stralman, left wing Colin Stuart and a seventh-round pick (186th overall, Flames selected Matthew DeBlouw) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Kellen Tochkin.

Jul 26, 2009
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Matt Smaby to a two-year contract.

Jul 25, 2009
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Derek Morris, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Nate Thompson to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Roman Polak.

Jul 24, 2009
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Aaron Ward from the Boston Bruins for right wing Patrick Eaves and a fourth-round pick (97th overall, Bruins selected Craig Cunningham) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Marc-Andre Bourdon.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Bryce Lampman, who had been with the Dallas Stars.

Jul 23, 2009
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Tuomo Ruutu to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Nathan Smith and defenseman Ryan Lannon to one-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Named Brad Lauer assistant coach.

Jul 22, 2009
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Evan McGrath and left wing Ryan Oulahen to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Travis Zajac.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Martin Biron, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Tanner Glass, right wing Guillaume Desbiens and defenseman Mike Funk.

Jul 21, 2009
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Keith Seabrook and right wing T.J. Brodie.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defensemen Brett Carson and Bryan Rodney to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Mike Blunden.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Denis Grebeshkov to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Named Scott Allen assistant coach.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Enver Lisin.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Lukas Kaspar, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired right wing Radim Vrbata from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Todd Fedoruk and defenseman David Hale.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Brent Johnson, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Steve Wagner.

Jul 20, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wing Evander Kane.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Matt Hunwick to a multi-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Andrej Sekera and left wing Clarke MacArthur.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Nigel Dawes.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Danny Bois, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Teddy Purcell and defenseman Drew Bagnall to one-year contracts; signed center Justin Azevedo to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Curtis Sanford, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center David Spina, right wing Jeff Hoggan and defenseman Sean Sullivan.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Justin Fletcher and Danny Richmond.

Jul 18, 2009
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Jason Ward, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Jul 17, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defensemen Scott Lehman and Grant Lewis, and center Tim Stapleton.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Keith Seabrook from the Washington Capitals for a seventh-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Jack Johnson to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wings Duncan Milroy, Jon DiSalvatore, and goaltender Wade Dubielewicz to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Cory Murphy, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning.
San Jose Sharks: Named Matt Shaw assistant coach.

Jul 16, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing Colby Armstrong.
Calgary Flames: Claimed left wing Nigel Dawes off waivers from the Phoenix Coyotes.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Matt Duchene to a three-year contract; acquired defenseman Brian Fahey from the New York Rangers for defenseman Nigel Williams.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Devan Dubnyk, defenseman Dean Arsene, and right wing Toni Rajala.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Peter Olvecky to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Named Mike Sullivan assistant coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Keith Yandle to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Jed Ortmeyer, center Dwight Helminen and defensemen Joe Callahan and Danny Groulx to one-year contracts; re-signed right wing Ryan Vesce.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wings Adam Cracknell and Barry Tallackson.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Blair Jones and right wing Lauri Tukonen.

Jul 15, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed goaltender Kari Lehtonen.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Mike Angelidis and defenseman Zack Fitzgerald to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Andrew Alberts to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Joe Piskula to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center John Tavares to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Krystofer Kolanos, who had been with the Minnesota Wild.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Ben Lovejoy to a one-year contract; signed right wing Tim Wallace to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Scott Nichol to a one-year contract.

Jul 14, 2009
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Staffan Kronwall, who had been with the Washington Capitals.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Tom Kostopoulos, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.
Chicago Blackhawks: Promoted Stan Bowman to general manager and re-assigned Dale Tallon to senior advisor for hockey operations.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Mathieu Roy, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Ben Guite to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Ryan Maki to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Corey Potter.

Jul 13, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman James Wisniewski to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed right wing Anthony Stewart and defenseman Noah Welch.
Boston Bruins: Signed defensemen Rob Kwiet and Zach McKelvie, and centers Drew Larman and Trent Whitfield to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Mark Cullen to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Aaron Gagnon to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Chris Minard and defenseman Matt Nickerson.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Brandon Segal to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Andreas Engqvist to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Nolan Yonkman to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Jacques Lemaire head coach and Mario Tremblay assistant coach.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Chad Johnson and right wing Ryan Callahan.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing Lauri Korpikoski from the New York Rangers for right wing Enver Lisin.
Washington Capitals: Signed center/right wing Boyd Gordon to a one-year contract.

Jul 11, 2009
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Joe DiPenta to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Brian McGrattan.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Kyle Chipchura to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Boyd Kane, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers.

Jul 10, 2009
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Kyle Cumiskey.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Jonathan Sigalet to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Graham Mink, who had been with the Washington Capitals.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Tyler Cuma.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Paul Mara, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Travis Moen, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Yann Danis, who had been with the New York Islanders.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Dane Byers.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Geoff Kindrade to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Jay McKee, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Antero Niittymaki, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Brendan Morrison, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.

Jul 9, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Nick Boynton, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right winger Carsen Germyn and left winger Ryley Grantham.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Jay Harrison, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Peter MacArthur and defenseman Richard Petiot, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of center Joe Sakic.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of left wing Chad Kilger.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Scott Parse to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Tim Sestito from the Edmonton Oilers for a conditional pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Ales Kotalik, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named John Paddock assistant general manager and Jeff Reese goaltending coach.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Kent Huskins to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Hannu Toivonen.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Victor Hedman; signed defenseman Kurtis Foster, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.

Jul 8, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Saku Koivu, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens; re-signed center Todd Marchant, to a two-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed center Jim Slater.
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Dany Sabourin, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers and defenseman Drew Fata, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to one-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Steven Goertzen, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets; signed defenseman Casey Borer and goaltender Justin Peters to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wings Kris Versteeg and Bryan Bickell.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Philippe Dupuis and defenseman Brett Skinner.
Dallas Stars: Acquired goaltender Alex Auld from the Ottawa Senators for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 178th overall, Senators selected Mark Stone) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Doug Janik, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defensemen Jamie Fraser, who had been with the New York Islanders, and Jaime Sifers, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed center Brian Boyle.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Joey Mormina, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of right wing Claude Lemieux.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Ian Schultz.

Jul 7, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing Joey Crabb and defenseman Nathan Oystrick.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Jamie Lundmark and left wing Jason Jaffray.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Cam Barker to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Simon Danis-Pepin to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Jeff Woywitka, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Kris Newbury and right wing Jeremy Williams, who both had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Travis Ehrhardt.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Chris Pronger to a multi-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Stephane Veilleux, who had been with the Minnesota Wild.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Jonas Gustavsson to a one-year contract.

Jul 6, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Joel Kwiatkowski, center Jason Krog and goaltenders Drew MacIntyre and Peter Mannino.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Troy Brouwer and goaltender Corey Crawford to two-year contracts; re-signed left wing Ben Eager, center Colin Fraser and defenseman Aaron Johnson to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing David Jones, Brian Willsie and Darren Haydar, left wing Chris Durno, center Matt Hendricks and goaltender Tyler Weiman.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Pascal Pelletier to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Warren Peters to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Ville Leino to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Frederic Chabot goaltending consultant.
Minnesota Wild: Named Mike Ramsey assistant coach.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Pierre Groulx goaltending coach and Perry Pearn assistant coach.
New York Islanders: Signed center Greg Moore, left wing Matt Moulson, right wing Greg Mauldin and defenseman Mark Flood to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Chris Higgins.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Alex Kovalev, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing B.J. Crombeen.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Nazem Kadri, their first round pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Francois Beauchemin to a three-year contract; re-signed right wing Ben Ondrus and left wing Ryan Hamilton to one-year contracts; signed center Tim Brent, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jay Rosehill to a two-year contract; signed right wing Richard Greenop to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Andrew Raycroft, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche; re-signed defenseman Shane O'Brien to a one-year contract.

Jul 5, 2009
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Chris Conner, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Chris Lee.

Jul 4, 2009
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Jeff Taffe, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Jul 3, 2009
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Chad LaRose to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Trevor Frischmon to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Jordan Leopold to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Ryan Smyth from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Kyle Quincey, Tom Preissing and a fifth-round pick (139th overall, Avalanche selected Luke Walker) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Shane Hnidy, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; named Dave Barr assistant coach.
New York Rangers: Signed centers Tyler Arnason, Corey Locke, and right wing P.A. Parenteau.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Stefan Meyer to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Shaun Heshka to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Ruslan Fedotenko to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Nate Guenin to a one-year contract; named Tom Fitzgerald assistant to the general manager; promoted Dan MacKinnon to director of player personnel.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing Ryane Clowe to a four-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Mikael Samuelsson, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a three-year contract.

Jul 2, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Nik Antropov, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a four-year contract; re-signed center Chris Thorburn.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Mark Recchi to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Fredrik Sjostrom, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract; signed center Garth Murray and right wing Riley Armstrong.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center John Madden, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Mathieu Garon, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Karlis Skrastins, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Jason Strudwick to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Clay Wilson to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Rob Scuderi, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a four-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Martin Havlat, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a six-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Brian Gionta, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a five-year contract; signed right wing Mike Glumac, left wing Mathieu Darche and defenseman Alex Henry to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Ilkka Pikkarainen.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Scott Munroe, left wing Jeremy Reich and defenseman Brett Westgarth to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Marian Gaborik, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a five-year contract; signed left wing Chris Chappell.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Adrian Aucoin, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Jason LaBarbera, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Mikhail Grabovski to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defensemen Nolan Baumgartner and Lawrence Nycholat and right wing Matt Pope.

Jul 1, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Scott Niedermayer to a one-year contract; re-signed center Erik Christensen to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Steve Begin, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Byron Bitz to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Johnny Boychuck to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Steve Montador, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Adam Pardy to a two-year contract; named Rob Cookson assistant coach.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Erik Cole to a two-year contract; signed right wing Patrick Dwyer and center Michael Ryan.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Marian Hossa, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a twelve-year contract; signed left wing Tomas Kopecky, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Craig Anderson, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed left wing David Koci, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, 
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Samuel Pahlsson, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Brent Regner to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Nikolai Khabibulin, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a four-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing David Booth to a six-year contract; re-signed right wing Radek Dvorak to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Scott Clemmensen, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Ville Koistinen, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Greg Zanon, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Mike Cammalleri, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a five-year contract; signed defenseman Jaroslav Spacek, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Hal Gill, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Steve Sullivan and right wing Joel Ward to two-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Andy Greene to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Dwayne Roloson, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Donald Brashear, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Chris Neil to a four-year contract; signed center Martin St. Pierre and goaltender Mike Brodeur to one-year contracts; signed right wing Erik Condra.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Brian Boucher, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a two-year contract; signed center Ian Laperriere, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Vernon Fiddler, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Mike Rupp, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Brian Strait to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Kent Huskins to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Ty Conklin, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Mattias Ohlund, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a seven-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Walker, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a four-year contract; re-signed defenseman Lukas Krajicek to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Garnet Exelby and left wing Colin Stuart from the Atlanta Thrashers for defenseman Pavel Kubina and center Tim Stapleton; signed defenseman Mike Komisarek, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a five-year contract; signed right wing Colton Orr, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a four-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Henrik Sedin and left wing Daniel Sedin to five-year contracts; signed defenseman Aaron Rome, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Mike Knuble, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a two-year contract.

Jun 30, 2009
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Jay Bouwmeester to a five-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center Dave Bolland to a five-year contract; re-signed center Jacob Dowell and goaltender Antti Niemi.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender Peter Budaj to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Dave Rook goaltending coach.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Jere Lehtinen to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Named Jim Mill assistant to the general manager.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Johnny Oduya to a three-year contract; acquired center Ben Walter and a conditional pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for the rights to center Tony Romano.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Chris Higgins and defensemen Ryan McDonagh, Pavel Valentenko and Doug Janik from the Montreal Canadiens for centers Scott Gomez and Tom Pyatt and defenseman Mike Busto.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Bill Guerin to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Rob Blake to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Mike Weaver and left wing Brad Winchester to one-year contracts.

Jun 29, 2009
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Jussi Jokinen to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Craig Adams to a two-year contract

Jun 27, 2009
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Jay Bouwmeester from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Jordan Leopold and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 67th overall, Panthers selected Josh Birkholz) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Brandon Prust from the Phoenix Coyotes for defenseman Jim Vandermeer; acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo; 74th overall, Flames selected Ryan Howse) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for third- (previously acquired from New Jersey; 84th overall, Kings selected Nicolas Deslauriers) and fourth-round picks (previously acquired from Columbus, later traded to Florida; 107th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose via Columbus; 177th overall, Blackhawks selected David Pacan) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for a fifth-round pick (150th overall, Blackhawks selected Yasin Cisse) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 56th overall, Blue Jackets selected Kevin Lynch) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for third- and fourth-round picks (both previously acquired from New York Islanders; 62nd and 92nd overall, Islanders selected Anders Nilsson and Casey Cizikas) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired fourth- and fifth-round (the first one previously acquired from Columbus via Calgary, the latter previously acquired from St. Louis; 107th and 138th overall, Panthers selected Garrett Wilson and Wade Megan) picks in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a third-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 63rd overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a fourth-round pick (95th overall, Kings selected Jean-Francois Berube) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for two fourth- (the first previously acquired from San Jose, the latter previously acquired from Detroit; 117th and 120th overall, Thrashers selected Edward Pasquale and Ben Chiarot) and a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 203rd overall, Thrashers selected Jordan Samuels-Thomas) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Kyle Brodziak and a sixth-round pick (161st overall, Wild selected Darcy Kuemper) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for fourth- and fifth-round picks (the first one previously acquired from Dallas via Tampa Bay; 99th and 133rd overall, Oilers selected Kyle Bigos and Olivier Roy) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a seventh-round pick (210th overall, Canadiens selected Petteri Simila) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Anaheim; 177th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Brian Boyle from the Los Angeles Kings for a third-round pick (70th overall, Kings selected Jordan Weal) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Chad Johnson from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh via Toronto; 151st overall, Penguins selected Andy Bathgate) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired a seventh-round pick (190th overall, Senators selected Michael Sdao) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for a sixth-round pick (166th overall, Oilers selected Drew Czerwonka)in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 91st overall, Coyotes selected Michael Lee) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for a third-round pick (82nd overall, Islanders selected Jason Clark) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Shaun Heshka from the Vancouver Canucks for a seventh-round pick (187th overall, Canucks selected Steven Anthony) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Sami Lepisto from the Washington Canucks for a fifth-round pick (142nd overall, Capitals selected Caleb Herbert) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a seventh-round pick (188th overall, Sharks selected Marek Viedensky) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Ottawa; 178th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 202nd overall, Blues selected Maxwell Tardy) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a seventh-round pick (194th overall, Predators selected David Elsner) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina; 148th overall, Lightning selected Michael Zador) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a fifth-round pick (126th overall, Predators selected Patrick Cehlin) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 26, 2009
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 21st overall, Blue Jackets selected John Moore) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for first- (previously acquired from San Jose via Tampa Bay, Ottawa and New York Islanders; 26th overall, Ducks selected Kyle Palmieri) and second-round picks (previously acquired from Toronto via New York Islanders; 37th overall, Ducks selected Matthew Clark) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Alyn McCauley pro scout.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired a first-round pick (20th overall, Devils selected Jacob Josefson) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for first- (23rd overall, Flames selected Tim Erixon) and third-round picks (later traded to Los Angeles; 84th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired first- and third-round (both later traded to Minnesota; 16th and 77th overall) picks in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for first- (previously acquired from San Jose via Tampa Bay and Ottawa, later traded to Anaheim; 26th overall), second- (previously acquired from Toronto, later traded to Anaheim; 37th overall), third- and fourth-round (both later traded back to the New York Islanders; 62nd and 92nd overall) picks in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. Acquired a first-round pick (12th overall, Islanders selected Calvin de Haan) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Minnesota Wild for first- (previously acquired from Columbus; 16th overall, Wild selected Nick Leddy), third- (previously acquired from Columbus; 77th overall, Wild selected Matthew Hackett) and seventh-round (182nd overall, Wild selected Erik Haula) picks in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Chris Pronger and center Ryan Dingle from the Anaheim Ducks for right wing Joffrey Lupul, defenseman Luca Sbisa, a first-round pick (later traded to Columbus; 21st overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft, a first-round pick (29th overall, Ducks selected Emerson Etem) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional third-round pick in the 2010 or 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired a first-round pick (29th overall, Lightning selected Carter Ashton) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for second- (32nd overall, Red Wings selected Landon Ferraro) and third-round (previously acquired from Florida; 75th overall, Red Wings selected Andrej Nestrasil) picks in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 23, 2009
Calgary Flames: Named Brent Sutter head coach, Dave Lowry, Ryan McGill and Jamie McLennan assistant coaches.

Jun 22, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Rick Dudley associate general manager.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Cody McLeod to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Named Bob Woods assistant coach.

Jun 19, 2009
Colorado Avalanche: Named Steve Konowalchuk assistant coach and Adam Deadmarsh video/development coach.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Steven Reinprecht to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Named Dean Chynoweth assistant coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing Stefan Meyer from the Florida Panthers for center Steven Reinprecht; re-signed left-wing Petr Prucha to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Keith Tkachuk to a one-year contract.

Jun 17, 2009
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Alex Goligoski to a three-year contract.

Jun 16, 2009
Minnesota Wild: Named Todd Richards head coach.
Nashville Predators: Named Martin Gelinas director of player development.

Jun 15, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed goaltender Johan Hedberg to a multi-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed general manager Peter Chiarelli to a multi-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed head coach Paul Maurice to a multi-year contract; named Ron Francis director of player personnel and Tom Barrasso assistant coach.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Pat Foley television play-by-play announcer.
Minnesota Wild: Fired assistant general manager Tom Lynn.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Ryan Suter to a four-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Derian Hatcher; named Hatcher player development coach.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Al Coates director of player personnel.

Jun 10, 2009
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Ray Emery to a one-year contract.

Jun 9, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed right wing Andrew Kozek.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the resignation of head coach Brent Sutter.

Jun 8, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed center Marty Reasoner to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Rob Klinkhammer, defensemen Jonathan Carlsson and Brian Connelly and goaltender Alec Richards.

Jun 5, 2009
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Curtis McElhinney.

Jun 4, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed defenseman Anssi Salmela to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Named Joe Sacco head coach and Sylvain Lefebvre assistant coach.

Jun 3, 2009
Colorado Avalanche: Fired head coach Tony Granato, assistant coaches Jacques Cloutier and Dave Barr, goaltending coach Jeff Hackett, assistant to the general manager Michel Goulet and video coordinator PJ DeLuca.

Jun 2, 2009
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center David Krejci to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltenders Matt Climie and Brent Krahn to one-year contracts.

Jun 1, 2009
Montreal Canadiens: Named Jacques Martin head coach.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Ryan Keller to a one-year contract.

May 31, 2009
Dallas Stars: Named Joe Nieuwendyk general manager.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Milan Kytnar to a three-year contract.

May 29, 2009
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Kyle Greentree.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Chris Terry to a three-year contract.

May 28, 2009
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Alex Plante.

May 27, 2009
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Mikael Johansson to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Andres Ambuhl.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Robert Bortuzzo to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Rick Rypien to a two-year contract extension.

May 26, 2009
Edmonton Oilers: Named Pat Quinn head coach and Tom Renney associate coach.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Michael Del Zotto.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Jay McClement to a three-year contract.

May 23, 2009
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of center Bobby Holik.

May 22, 2009
Calgary Flames: Fired head coach Mike Keenan.
Minnesota Wild: Named Chuck Fletcher general manager.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Promoted Jason Botterill to assistant general manager.

May 21, 2009
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Dwight King to a three-year contract.

May 20, 2009
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Ilkka Heikkinen.

May 19, 2009
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Johan Motin to a three-year contract.

May 14, 2009
Washington Capitals: Signed center Anton Gustafsson to a three-year contract.

May 13, 2009
Boston Bruins: Signed center Jamie Arniel.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman P.K. Subban to a three-year contract and defenseman Andre Benoit to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Mitch Fadden to a three-year contract.

May 11, 2009
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Tyler Myers to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Cameron Gaunce and goaltender Trevor Cann.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Promoted Rick Tocchet to head coach and signed him to a multi-year contract.

May 7, 2009
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Erik Karlsson.

May 5, 2009
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Jordan Owens.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Casey Pierro-Zabotel to a three-year contract.

May 4, 2009
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of left wing Markus Naslund.

May 1, 2009
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing John McCarthy to a two-year contract.

Apr 28, 2009
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Dan Bylsma head coach and signed him to a multi-year contract.

Apr 24, 2009
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Carson McMillan.

Apr 22, 2009
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Kevin Henderson.

Apr 20, 2009
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Philip Larsen to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman John Scott to a one-year contract.

Apr 18, 2009
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defensemen T.J. Brennan and Drew Schiestel to three-year contracts.

Apr 17, 2009
Nashville Predators: Signed center Colin Wilson to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Matt Gilroy.

Apr 16, 2009
Minnesota Wild: Fired president and general manager Doug Risebrough.

Apr 15, 2009
Edmonton Oilers: Fired head coach Craig MacTavish.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Dany Masse to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Ryan Shannon to a one-year contract.

Apr 14, 2009
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Robert Slaney to a three-year contract and left wing Viktor Stalberg to a two-year contract.

Apr 13, 2009
Colorado Avalanche: Fired executive vice president and general manager Francois Giguere.
Minnesota Wild: Announced the resignation of head coach Jacques Lemaire.

Apr 11, 2009
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Johan Franzen to an eleven-year contract.

Apr 10, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Paul Postma.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Jordan Pearce to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Evan Oberg.

Apr 9, 2009
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing David Moss to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Mark Katic and left wing Justin DiBenedetto to three-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman David Sloane.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Geoff Kinrade.

Apr 8, 2009
Ottawa Senators: Signed head coach Cory Clouston to a two-year contract.

Apr 7, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Dan Sexton to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Doug Weight to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 6, 2009
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Francis Pare.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Marco Scandella.

Apr 3, 2009
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Tim Thomas to a four-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Luke Gazdic to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Patrick Mullen to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Brad Thiessen to a two-year contract and center Joe Vitale to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Aaron Palushaj.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Tyler Bozak to a two-year contract.

Apr 2, 2009
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Yannick Riendeau.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Joe Finley to a two-year contract.

Apr 1, 2009
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Stefan Della Rovere to a three-year contract.

Mar 31, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center MacGregor Sharp to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Corey Elkins to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Christian Hanson to a two-year contract.

Mar 30, 2009
San Jose Sharks: Signed defensemen Joe Loprieno and Nick Petrecki.

Mar 27, 2009
Colorado Avalanche: Signed centers Ryan Stoa and Cedric McNicoll.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Richard Bachman to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Mark Letestu to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Jay Harrison for the remainder of the 2008-09 season.

Mar 26, 2009
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Jamie McBain to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Johan Backlund to a one-year contract.

Mar 25, 2009
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Zach Miskovic to a one-year contract.

Mar 23, 2009
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Jordan Eberle to a three-year contract.

Mar 20, 2009
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Jeff May to a multi-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Eric Walsky.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Trevor Bruess to a two-year contract.

Mar 19, 2009
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Olivier Fortier to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Tim Jackman to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed center Paul Crowder.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Alex Berry to a two-year contract.

Mar 18, 2009
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Mike Murphy to a three-year contract.

Mar 14, 2009
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Christopher DiDomenico to a three-year contract.

Mar 12, 2009
Vancouver Canucks: Extended their affiliation agreement with Manitoba of the AHL through the 2011-12 season.

Mar 10, 2009
Montreal Canadiens: Named Don Lever assistant coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of left wing Gary Roberts.

Mar 9, 2009
Dallas Stars: Signed center Brian Sutherby to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Fired head coach Guy Carbonneau; named Bob Gainey head coach.

Mar 6, 2009
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the nullification of their acquisition of defenseman Kyle McLaren from the San Jose Sharks after McLaren failed a physical.

Mar 5, 2009
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Jeff Hamilton.

Mar 4, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Erik Christensen from the Atlanta Thrashers for center Eric O'Dell.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Steve Montador from the Anaheim Ducks for center Petteri Nokelainen; acquired right wing Mark Recchi and a second-round pick (later traded to Florida; 36th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for right wing Martins Karsums and defenseman Matt Lashoff.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired center Dominic Moore from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina via Edmonton; 58th overall, Maple Leafs selected Jesse Blacker) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Mikael Tellqvist from the Phoenix Coyotes for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Montreal; 113th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; signed center Tim Connolly to a two-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Olli Jokinen and a third-round pick (later traded to Florida; 67th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Matthew Lombardi, right wing Brandon Prust and a first-round pick (13th overall, Coyotes selected Brandon Gormley) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Jordan Leopold from the Colorado Avalanche for defensemen Lawrence Nycholat and Ryan Wilson and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 49th overall, Avalanche selected Stefan Elliott) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Patrick O'Sullivan and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary; 51st overall, Hurricanes selected Brian Dumoulin) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for right wing Justin Williams; acquired right wing Erik Cole and a fifth-round pick (131st overall, Carolina selected Matt Kennedy) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for center Patrick O'Sullivan and a second-round pick (later traded to Toronto via Buffalo; 58th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Samuel Pahlsson, defenseman Logan Stephenson and a conditional fourth-round pick (condition not fulfiiled) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman James Wisniewski and center Petri Kontiola.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Antoine Vermette from the Ottawa Senators for goaltender Pascal Leclaire and a second-round pick (46th overall, Senators selected Robin Lehner) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Kevin Lalande from the Calgary Flames for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Florida via Los Angeles; 107th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Claimed center Brendan Morrison off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired right wing Ales Kotalik from the Buffalo Sabres for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina, later traded to Toronto; 58th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Steve Eminger from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Noah Welch and a third-round pick (later traded to Detroit; 75th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Sean O'Donnell and goaltender Erik Ersberg.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Nik Antropov from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a second-round pick (49th overall, Maple Leafs selected Kenny Ryan) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Derek Morris from the Phoenix Coyotes for defenseman Dmitri Kalinin and left wings Nigel Dawes and Petr Prucha.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Filip Kuba to a three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Daniel Carcillo from the Phoenix Coyotes for right wing Scottie Upshall and a second-round pick (56th overall, Coyotes selected Lucas Lessio) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Kyle McLaren from the San Jose Sharks for a sixth-round pick (later transferred back to Philadelphia due to nullification of the trade) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed right wing Craig Adams off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks; acquired right wing Bill Guerin from the New York Islanders for a conditional third-round pick (dependent on Pittsburgh advancing past the first round of the 2009 Stanley Cup playoffs and Guerin playing in more than 50 per cent of those first round games; later traded to Phoenix; 91st overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Travis Moen and defenseman Kent Huskins from the Anaheim Ducks for goaltender Timo Pielmeier, center Nick Bonino and a conditional fourth-round pick (condition not fulfiiled) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Danny Richmond from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Andy Wozniewski.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed goaltender Martin Gerber off waivers from the Ottawa Senators; claimed defenseman Erik Reitz off waivers from the New York Rangers; acquired goaltender Olaf Kolzig, defensemen Jamie Heward and Andy Rogers and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina, later forfeited; 118th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Richard Petiot.

Mar 3, 2009
Calgary Flames: Claimed defenseman Lawrence Nycholat off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Niklas Backstrom to a four-year contract.
New York Rangers: Claimed left wing Sean Avery off waivers from the Dallas Stars.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Brandon Mashinter.

Mar 2, 2009
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Niclas Havelid and right wing Myles Stoesz from the Atlanta Thrashers for defenseman Anssi Salmel.

Feb 27, 2009
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed center Glen Metropolit off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed defenseman Ossi Vaananen off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.

Feb 26, 2009
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Steve Begin from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Doug Janik.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wings Chris Kunitz and Eric Tangradi from the Anaheim Ducks in exchange for defenseman Ryan Whitney.

Feb 25, 2009
New York Rangers: Claimed left wing Mark Bell off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Feb 23, 2009
New York Rangers: Fired head coach Tom Renney.

Feb 21, 2009
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed center Chris Gratton off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Feb 20, 2009
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Mike Comrie and defenseman Chris Campoli from the New York Islanders for center Dean McAmmond and a first-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose via Tampa Bay, later traded to Anaheim via Columbus; 26th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 16, 2009
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Mathieu Schneider and a conditional third-round pick (dependent on Montreal losing in the first round of the 2009 Stanley Cup playoffs; 65th overall, Canadiens selected Joonas Nattinen) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim via Washington; 45th overall, Thrashers selected Jeremy Morin) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (87th overall, Thrashers selected Julian Melchiori) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 15, 2009
Pittsburgh Penguins: Fired head coach Michel Therrien; named Dan Bylsma interim head coach.

Feb 9, 2009
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Andy McDonald to a four-year contract.

Feb 7, 2009
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Jussi Jokinen from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Wade Brookbank, defenseman Josef Melichar and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Toronto; 118th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 6, 2009
Washington Capitals: Claimed defenseman Staffan Kronwall off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Feb 4, 2009
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Nathan McIver from the Anaheim Ducks for right wing Mike Brown.

Feb 3, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Sheldon Brookbank from the New Jersey Devils for center David McIntyre.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Mike McKenna.

Feb 2, 2009
Ottawa Senators: Fired head coach Craig Hartsburg; named Cory Clouston head coach.

Jan 29, 2009
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing George Parros to a three-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Dan Fritsche from the New York Rangers for defenseman Erik Reitz.

Jan 28, 2009
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Wade Flaherty developmental goaltending coach.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Henrik Zetterberg to a 12-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Waived center Krystofer Kolanos.

Jan 21, 2009
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Ryan Hamilton from the Minnesota Wild for left wing Robbie Earl.

Jan 20, 2009
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Colton Sceviour to a three-year contract.

Jan 19, 2009
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed defenseman Cory Murphy off re-entry waivers from the Florida Panthers.

Jan 17, 2009
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed goaltender Wade Dubielewicz off waivers from the New York Islanders.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired goaltender Mathieu Garon from the Edmonton Oilers for goaltender Dany Sabourin, center Ryan Stone and a fourth-round pick (114th overall, Oilers selected Tobias Rieder) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 15, 2009
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Brendan Shanahan.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Wade Dubielewicz.

Jan 14, 2009
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Jason Williams from the Atlanta Thrashers for defenseman Clay Wilson and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose, later traded to Chicago; 177th overall) in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 13, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Brett Skinner from the New York Islanders for right wing Junior Lessard.

Jan 10, 2009
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed center Rich Peverley off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Adam Pineault from the Columbus Blue Jackets for right wing Michael Blunden.

Jan 8, 2009
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Alexander Sulzer to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Jordan Staal on a four-year contract.

Jan 7, 2009
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Keith Aulie.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Brad May from the Anaheim Ducks for a conditional sixth-round pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 5, 2009
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman T.J. Kemp from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.

