Dec 31, 2015
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Ryan Gropp to a three-year contract.

Dec 30, 2015
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender MacKenzie Blackwood to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Justin Hodgman.

Dec 28, 2015
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired goaltender Ben Scrivens from the Edmonton Oilers for right wing Zack Kassian.

Dec 26, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Dysin Mayo to a three-year contract.

Dec 23, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Conor Garland to a three-year contract.

Dec 21, 2015
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Jared Spurgeon to a four-year contract extension.

Dec 20, 2015
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Keegan Kolesar to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Marek Tvrdon.

Dec 15, 2015
Minnesota Wild: Claimed center Jarret Stoll off waivers from the New York Rangers.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Lucas Lessio from the Arizona Coyotes for left wing Christian Thomas.

Dec 14, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Rob Scuderi from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Trevor Daley.

Dec 10, 2015
Montreal Canadiens: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Alexander Semin.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Guillaume Brisebois to a three-year contract.

Dec 9, 2015
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Brett Pollock to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Announced the retirement of defenseman Keith Ballard.

Dec 8, 2015
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of left wing Pascal Dupuis.

Dec 6, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Claimed right wing Viktor Tikhonov off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.

Dec 3, 2015
Nashville Predators: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Steve Moses.

Nov 27, 2015
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Tyler Kennedy to a one-year contract.

Nov 25, 2015
Montreal Canadiens: Signed general manager Marc Bergevin to a multi-year contract extension.

Nov 24, 2015
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Dainius Zubrus to a one-year contract.

Nov 23, 2015
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Andrew Nielsen and left wing Dmytro Timashov to three-year contracts.

Nov 22, 2015
Boston Bruins: Claimed center Landon Ferraro off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.
Nashville Predators: Claimed defenseman Petter Granberg off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Nov 18, 2015
New York Rangers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Petr Zamorsky.

Nov 15, 2015
Colorado Avalanche: Claimed center Chris Wagner off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Nov 13, 2015
Nashville Predators: Signed center Anthony Richard to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Martin Havlat; signed left wing Samuel Blais to a three-year contract.

Nov 12, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Jake DeBrusk, right wing Zach Senyshyn and defenseman Jeremy Lauzon to three-year contracts.
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Kevin Poulin from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Alexandre Carrier to a three-year contract.

Nov 6, 2015
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Martin Havlat to a one-year contract.

Nov 4, 2015
Columbus Blue Jackets: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Austin Madaisky.

Oct 29, 2015
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Rich Clune to a one-year contract.

Oct 26, 2015
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Matthias Ekholm to a six-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Claimed left wing Bobby Farnham off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Oct 23, 2015
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Anthony Beauvillier to a three-year contract.

Oct 21, 2015
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired a second-round pick (55th overall, Canucks selected Jonah Gadjovich) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets as compensation for the hiring of John Tortorella.

Oct 20, 2015
Columbus Blue Jackets: Fired head coach Todd Richards; named John Tortorella head coach.
Washington Capitals: Announced the retirement of left wing Curtis Glencross.

Oct 17, 2015
New York Islanders: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Louis Leblanc.

Oct 16, 2015
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Tomas Plekanec to a two-year contract extension.

Oct 15, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Kyle Cumiskey to a one-year contract.

Oct 13, 2015
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Eric Boulton to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Dominik Masin to a three-year contract.

Oct 9, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Simon Despres to a five-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Peter Budaj to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Mikko Vainonen.

Oct 8, 2015
New York Islanders: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Tom Nilsson.

Oct 7, 2015
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Scott Gomez to a one-year contract.

Oct 6, 2015
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Jack Skille to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Braden Christoffer to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed center Paul Byron off waivers from the Calgary Flames.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Brian O'Neill from the Los Angeles Kings for a conditional seventh-round pick (if New Jersey re-signs O'Neill prior to the 2016-17 season, condition not fulfilled) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Claimed goaltender Jean-Francois Berube off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Cavan Fitzgerald to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed defenseman Frank Corrado off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Thomas Raffl to a one-year contract.

Oct 5, 2015
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Freddie Hamilton from the Colorado Avalanche for a conditional seventh-round pick (if Hamilton plays 18 NHL games for Calgary in 2015-16, condition not fulfilled) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of defenseman Mike Weaver.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Scottie Upshall to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Tim McGauley to a three-year contract.

Oct 4, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Jonas Gustavsson to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Tomas Fleischmann to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Ken Appleby to a three-year contract.

Oct 3, 2015
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Eddie Lack to a two-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Lee Stempniak to a one-year contract.

Oct 2, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Corey Potter to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Evgeni Svechnikov to a three-year contract.

Oct 1, 2015
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Oleg Yevenko to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Claimed left wing Chris Porter off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.

Sep 30, 2015
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Thomas Chabot to a three-year contract.

Sep 29, 2015
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Mark Fraser to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Andrew Campbell to a one-year contract.

Sep 27, 2015
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed goaltender Kevin Poulin off waivers from the New York Islanders.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Brad Boyes to a one-year contract.

Sep 25, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Brandon Carlo.

Sep 24, 2015
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Nick Schneider.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Michael McNiven to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Vince Dunn to a three-year contract.

Sep 22, 2015
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Erik Johnson to a seven-year contract extension.

Sep 21, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender John Gibson to a three-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of goaltender Chris Mason.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Phil Myers.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of right wing Troy Bodie.

Sep 20, 2015
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Oscar Klefbom to a seven-year contract extension.

Sep 19, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Michal Rozsival to a one-year contract.

Sep 18, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Stefan Elliott to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Marek Zidlicky to a one-year contract.

Sep 17, 2015
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing Jonathan Huberdeau to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Trevor Murphy to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Steve Bernier to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Named Daniel Alfredsson senior advisor of hockey operations.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Daniel Walcott to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Michael Grabner from the New York Islanders for goaltender Christopher Gibson, defensemen Matt Finn and Tom Nilsson, center Carter Verhaeghe and left wing Taylor Beck.

Sep 16, 2015
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Jiri Tlusty to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Brock Nelson to a three-year contract.

Sep 15, 2015
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of left wing Simon Gagne.

Sep 14, 2015
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Rasmus Andersson.

Sep 13, 2015
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of left wing Ryane Clowe.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Jeremy Roy to a three-year contract; named Evgeni Nabokov goaltending development coach and special assignment scout.

Sep 11, 2015
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wings Kris Versteeg and Joakim Nordstrom and a third-round pick (later traded to Detroit via Chicago) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for defensemen Dennis Robertson and Jake Massie and a fifth-round pick (later traded to Vancouver) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center Marcus Kruger to a one-year contract.

Sep 10, 2015
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Cody Franson to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Micheal Ferland to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman David Schlemko to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Mathew Barzal to a three-year contract.

Sep 9, 2015
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Brandon Gormley from the Arizona Coyotes for defenseman Stefan Elliott.

Sep 8, 2015
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman David Savard to a five-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Pierre-Luc Letourneau-Leblond to a one-year contract.

Sep 5, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Louis Domingue to a one-year contract.

Sep 4, 2015
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of center Rich Peverley.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Dan Cleary to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Named Chris Drury director of player development.

Sep 3, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Nicholas Merkley to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Named Frederic Chabot goaltending development coach.

Sep 2, 2015
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of defenseman Drew Bagnall.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Joakin Nordstrom to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of defenseman Bryce Salvador.

Aug 30, 2015
Vancouver Canucks: Announced the retirement of left wing Colin Stuart.

Aug 28, 2015
Dallas Stars: Signed center Cody Eakin to a four-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Daniel Sprong to a three-year contract.

Aug 27, 2015
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Elias Lindholm to a two-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Damir Sharipzyanov to a three-year contract.

Aug 26, 2015
New Jersey Devils: Named Patrick Rissmiller development coach; named Andy Schneider amateur scout.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Adam Cracknell to a one-year contract.

Aug 25, 2015
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Mark Giordano to a six-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Craig Ramsay coaching consultant.

Aug 24, 2015
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Frazer McLaren to a one-year contract; named Steve Spott assistant coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Jeremie Blain.

Aug 23, 2015
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Christian Ehrhoff, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.

Aug 21, 2015
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender Sami Aittokallio to a one-year contract.

Aug 20, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Christian Fischer to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Eric Tulsky hockey analyst.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Paul Bittner to a three-year contract.

Aug 18, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Nolan Valleau to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Joe Lorincz strength and conditioning coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Brad Lauer assistant coach.

Aug 17, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Mike Santorelli, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of center Daniel Briere.

Aug 16, 2015
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Robbie Russo to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Brett Bulmer to a one-year contract.

Aug 14, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Carl Hagelin to a four-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Jacques Lemaire special assignment coach.

Aug 13, 2015
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of defenseman Sami Salo.

Aug 11, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Announced an affiliation agreement with Rapid City of the ECHL.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Pavel Zacha to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Kevin Poulin to a one-year contract.

Aug 10, 2015
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Joel Lowry to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Jarret Stoll to a one-year contract.

Aug 8, 2015
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Chris Porter.

Aug 7, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Jakob Silfverberg to a four-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Named Doug Soetaert western professional scout.

Aug 6, 2015
Boston Bruins: Announced an affiliation agreement with Gwinnett of the ECHL.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender Calvin Pickard to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Pertti Hasanen development/skills coach.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Matt Cullen to a one-year contract.

Aug 5, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Viktor Svedberg to a one-year contract.

Aug 4, 2015
New Jersey Devils: Named Andre Savard and Claude Noel professional scouts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Brandon Sutter to a five-year contract extension; named John Weisbrod assistant general manager.

Aug 3, 2015
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Mike Hoffman to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed goaltender Aaron Dell to a one-year contract.

Aug 2, 2015
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Erik Haula to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed goaltender Jonathan Bernier to a two-year contract.

Jul 31, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Brandon Gormley to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Marcus Johansson to a one-year contract.

Jul 30, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Niklas Treutle to a one-year contract; named Claude Loiselle hockey operations consultant.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Alex Galchenyuk to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Paul Castron director of amateur scouting; bought out the contract of
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Jakub Voracek to an eight-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Jonas Siegenthaler to a three-year contract.

Jul 29, 2015
New Jersey Devils: Waived left wing Dainius Zubrus.

Jul 28, 2015
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Brendan Guhle to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Sean Couturier to a six-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Eric Fehr to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Mitch Marner to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Brandon Sutter and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver via the New York Islanders and Buffalo; 64th overall, Canucks selected William Lockwood) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for center Nick Bonino, defenseman Adam Clendening and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 55th overall, Penguins selected Filip Gustavsson) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed left wing Sven Baertschi to a one-year contract.

Jul 27, 2015
Buffalo Sabres: Named Russ Brandon president and alternate governor.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Joey Hishon to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Colin Wilson to a four-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Adam Larsson to a six-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Derek Stepan to a six-year contract.

Jul 26, 2015
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Paul Byron to a one-year contract.

Jul 24, 2015
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Josh Jooris to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Turner Elson to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Tomas Jurco to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Alexander Semin, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed center Daniel Audette to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Jack Dougherty to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Tom Fitzgerald assistant general manager.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Alex Chiasson to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Braden Holtby to a five-year contract; signed defenseman Ryan Stanton to a one-year contract.

Jul 23, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Michael Bunting to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Jerry D'Amigo to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Lance Bouma to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Michael Chaput to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired a third-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs as compensation for the hiring of Lou Lamoriello.

Jul 22, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Josh Manson to a two-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the resignation of Lou Lamoriello as president.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Travis Dermott to a three-year contract; named Lou Lamoriello general manager.

Jul 21, 2015
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Johan Larsson to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Fort Wayne of the ECHL.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Teemu Pulkkinen to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Announced an affiliation agreement with Quad City of the ECHL.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Tye McGinn to a one-year contract.

Jul 20, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Klas Dahlbeck to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Jordan Martinook to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Craig Smith to a five-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Steve Briere goaltending coach; named Ari Vuori director of European scouting.

Jul 18, 2015
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Seth Helgeson to a two-year contract.

Jul 17, 2015
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Calle Jarnkrok to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Stefan Matteau to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Louis Leblanc to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Mat Bodie to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Dominik Uher to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Vladislav Namestnikov and defenseman Luke Witkowski to one-year contracts.

Jul 16, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed centers Chris Wagner and Michael Sgarbossa to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Shane O'Brien to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Tim Schaller, defenseman Jerome Leduc and goaltender Nathan Lieuwen to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Mikhail Grigorenko to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Tyler Pitlick to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Nick Shore and defenseman Vincent LoVerde to two-year contracts; re-signed centers Jordan Weal, Andrew Crescenzi and Nic Dowd to one-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Michael Del Zotto to a two-year contract; signed center Travis Konecny to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Cincinnati of the ECHL.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Zach Sill, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Chris Brown to a two-year contract.

Jul 15, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Ryan Kesler to a six-year contract extension.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Philip Samuelsson and center Brendan Shinnimin to one-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Jakub Zboril to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Mark Pysyk to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Brody Sutter to a one-year contract; announced the retirement of right wing Greg Nemisz.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Johnny Oduya, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Justin Schultz to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Lawson Crouse to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Alex Petrovic to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Andy Andreoff to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Jarred Tinori to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Taylor Aronson to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Dylan McIlrath; re-signed right wing Jesper Fast; re-signed center J.T. Miller.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Shane Prince to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Dominik Simon to a three-year contract; re-signed right wing Beau Bennett to a one-year contract.

Jul 14, 2015
Edmonton Oilers: Named Ian Herbers assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed DeFazio Erik Cernak to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Michael Bournival to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Eric Gelinas to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Emerson Etem to a one-year contract; re-signed center Oscar Lindberg.

Jul 13, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Julius Nattinen to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Philip Varone to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Mikko Rantanen to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Mitch Callahan to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Nick Jensen to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Joel Eriksson Ek to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Ryan Johnston to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Anthony Bitetto to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center John Quenneville to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Bobby Farnham to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed right wing Taylor Beck to a one-year contract.

Jul 12, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Chris Stewart, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Justin Shugg to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Taylor Beck from the Nashville Predators for left wing Jamie Devane.

Jul 11, 2015
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Noah Hanifin to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Christian Folin to a two-year contract.

Jul 10, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Brian McGrattan to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing John Scott to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Matt Irwin to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Named Andrew Allen goaltending coach.
Dallas Stars: Acquired left wing Patrick Sharp and defenseman Stephen Johns from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Trevor Daley and right wing Ryan Garbutt.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Gustav Nyquist to a four-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Vladislav Kamenev to a three-year contract; signed center Yakov Trenin to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Marek Hrivik to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Magnus Hellberg to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Paul Postma to a two-year contract.

Jul 9, 2015
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of right wing Bobby Robins.
Buffalo Sabres: Named Anders Forsberg european scout.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Dennis Rasmussen to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Matt Calvert to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Jamie Oleksiak to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender Jared Coreau to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Noah Juulsen to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Fired director of scouting David Conte.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Brian Dumoulin to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Martin Marincin to a one-year contract.

Jul 8, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Named John Slaney assistant coach.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Eric Tangradi to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Greg McKegg to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Magnus Paajarvi to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Konrad Abeltshauser to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Timo Meier to a three-year contract.

Jul 7, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Mikkel Boedker to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Zach Boychuk to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Trevor van Riemsdyk to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Named Dave Farrish assistant coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Kole Sherwood to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Corban Knight and left wing Garrett Wilson to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Vladimir Tarasenko to an eight-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Philippe Paradis to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Alexandre Grenier to a one-year contract; re-signed defensemen Frank Corrado and Adam Clendening.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Paul Carey to a one-year contract.

Jul 6, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Dylan Strome to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Jimmy Hayes to a three-year contract; re-signed right wing Brett Connolly and left wing Brandon DeFazio to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Named Dan Lambert assistant coach.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Liam Coughlin from the Edmonton Oilers for goaltender Anders Nilsson.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Jamie McBain to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Andre Benoit to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Shawn Matthias, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Evgeny Kuznetsov to a two-year contract.

Jul 5, 2015
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Landon Ferraro to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Jeff Tambellini to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Nazem Kadri to a one-year contract.

Jul 4, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Harry Zolnierczyk to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Devan Dubnyk to a six-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Cody Bass to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Dan Ellis to a one-year contract.

Jul 3, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Named Dave Nonis special assignment scout.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Eric Selleck to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Derek Smith to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Ryan O'Reilly to a seven-year contract extension; signed center Cal O'Reilly to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Carlo Colaiacovo to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center Andrew Desjardins to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Brandon Saad to a six-year contract extension; signed defenseman John Ramage to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Connor McDavid to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Marc-Andre Gragnani to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Yann Danis to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Luke Adam.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Ivan Provorov to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Reid McNeill to a two-year contract; signed right wing Colin McDonald to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Joel Ward, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Jake Allen to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Luke Opilka to a three-year contract; signed right wing Dmitrij Jaskin to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Byron Froese to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Blair Jones to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Brendan Lemieux to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Andrew MacWilliam to a one-year contract.

Jul 2, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Korbinian Holzer to a one-year contract; announced the retirement of defenseman Sheldon Souray.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Christopher Breen to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Bobby Sanguinetti to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Hunter Smith and goaltender Mason McDonald to three-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Michael Liambas, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Cameron Schilling, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Jaime Sifers to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Andrew Bodnarchuk, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Brett Gallant to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Vili Saarijarvi to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Rob Flick to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Tyson Strachan, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Christian Thomas to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Cole Schneider to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Gabriel Bourque to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Conor Allen, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed center Max Reinhart to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center James Wright to a one-year contract; signed left wing Joe Whitney, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; signed center Ben Holmstrom, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Justin Florek, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed left wings Bracken Kearns and Justin Waive to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of right wing Martin St. Louis; signed goaltender Brandon Halverson to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Named Andre Tourigny assistant coach.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Jason Labarbera, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Will O'Neill, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Peter Harrold, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; signed center Kyle Brodziak, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Jordan Caron, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Robert Bortuzzo; signed right wing Danny Kristo, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Mark Cundari to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Patrick McNally to a two-year contract; re-signed center Micheal Haley to a one-year contract; named Bob Boughner assistant coach; named Johan Hedberg goaltending coach.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing T.J. Oshie from the St. Louis Blues for right wing Troy Brouwer, goaltender Pheonix Copley and a third-round pick (later traded back to Washington) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Chris Bourque to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed right wing Matt Fraser, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Patrice Cormier to a one-year contract.

Jul 1, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Shawn Horcoff, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Matt Hackett, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a two-year contract; signed center Chris Mueller and defenseman Joe Piskula to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Dakota Mermis to a three-year contract; signed center Dustin Jeffrey to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Antoine Vermette, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract; signed center Brad Richardson to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Zbynek Michalek to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Anders Lindback to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Dylan Reese to a one-year contract; signed right wing Steve Downie, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Jimmy Hayes from the Florida Panthers for right wing Reilly Smith and center Marc Savard; signed left wing Matt Beleskey, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a five-year contract; re-signed center Ryan Spooner to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Jeremy Smith to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Jack Eickel to a three-year contract; re-signed goaltender Nathan Lieuwen to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender Karri Ramo to a one-year contract; signed right wing Jason Akeson, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract; signed center Derek Grant to a one-year contract; signed right wing Michael Frolik, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a five-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Donovan, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Riley Nash and Rasmus Rissanen to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Jaccob Slavin to a three-year contract; bought out the contract of left wing Alexander Semin; signed right wing T.J. Hensick to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Artem Anisimov to a five-year contract extension; signed right wing Viktor Tikhonov to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Francois Beauchemin, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a three-year contract; signed right wing Blake Comeau, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Gregory Campbell, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Curtis McKenzie and right wing Patrick Eaves to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Mike Green, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a three-year contract; signed center Brad Richards, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Andy Miele to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Andrej Sekera, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a six-year contract; signed center Mark Letestu, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Bought out the contract of right wing Brad Boyes; re-signed goaltender Mike McKenna to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Shane Harper and defenseman Sean Acolatse to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Cameron Gaunce to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Brent Regner to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Jhonas Enroth, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Mike Reilly to a two-year contract; re-signed center Mikael Granlund to a two-year contract; signed right wing Zac Dalpe and left wing Ruslan Fedotenko to one-year contracts; signed right wing Marc Hagel to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Stephen Michalek to a two-year contract; re-signed center Jared Knight to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Greg Pateryn to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Joel Hanley to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Mark Barberio, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract; signed right wing George Holloway to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Max Reinhart from the Calgary Flames for a conditional fourth-round pick (if Reinhart plays an undisclosed number of NHL games in the 2015-16 regular season/playoffs, condition not fulfilled) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed center Mike Ribeiro to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Barret Jackman, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a two-year contract; signed center Cody Hodgson, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Blake Coleman to a two-year contract; signed defenseman John Moore, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a three-year contract; signed right wing Paul Thompson to a two-year contract; announced the retirement of goaltender Scott Clemmensen; signed center Jim O'Brien to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Thomas Hickey to a three-year contract; signed right wing Kirill Petrov to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Thomas Greiss, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Named Jeff Gorton general manager; named Jim Schoenfeld assistant general manager; signed left wing Viktor Stalberg, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Raphael Diaz, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed center Jayson Megna, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; signed center Matt Lindblad, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed center Brian Gibbons, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; acquired goaltender Magnus Hellberg from the Nashville Predators for a sixth-round pick (176th overall, Predators selected Pavel Koltygin) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Eric O'Dell to a one-year contract; signed right wing Zack Stortini to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Mike Kostka to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Chris Conner, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Davis Drewiske and center Tim Brent to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Michal Neuvirth to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wings Phil Kessel and Tyler Biggs, defenseman Tim Erixon and a conditional second-round pick (if the Penguins qualify for the 2016 Stanley Cup playoffs, previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 61st overall, Penguins selected Kasper Bjorkqvist) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for right wing Kasperi Kapanen, center Nick Spaling, defenseman Scott Harrington, a conditional first-round pick (later traded to Anaheim) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 72nd overall, Maple Leafs selected James Greenway) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Sergei Plotnikov to a one-year contract; signed left wing Conor Sheary to a two-year contract; signed defenseman David Warsofsky to a one-year contract; signed left wing Kael Mouillierat to a one-year contract; signed center Kevin Porter to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Steve Oleksy to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Jori Lehtera to a three-year contract extension; re-signed defenseman Chris Butler; signed right wing Cody Beach to a one-year contract; re-signed center Pat Cannone.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Paul Martin, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a four-year contract; re-signed left wing John McCarthy to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Erik Condra, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Taormina to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Daniel Winnik, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Mark Arcobello, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Pierre-Alexandre Parenteau, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Hunwick, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Richard Panik to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired left wing Brandon Prust from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Zack Kassian and a fifth-round pick (124th overall, Canadiens selected Casey Staum) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed defenseman Yannick Weber to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Bartkowski, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Richard Bachman, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Taylor Fedun to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Stanislav Galiev to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Taylor Chorney to a one-year contract; signed centers Carter Camper and Sean Collins and defensemen Mike Moore and Aaron Ness to one-year contracts; signed right wing Justin Williams, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Alex Burmistrov to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Adam Pardy to a one-year contract; signed right wing Matt Halischuk to a one-year contract.

Jun 30, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Kevin Bieksa from the Vancouver Canucks for a second-round pick (later traded to Pittsburgh) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; named Paul MacLean assistant coach.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired center Boyd Gordon from the Edmonton Oilers for left wing Lauri Korpikoski; re-signed right wing Craig Cunningham to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Dougie Hamilton to a six-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Waived right wing Alexander Semin.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired left wing Brandon Saad, center Alex Broadhurst and defenseman Michael Paliotta from the Chicago Blackhawks for centers Artem Anisimov and Marko Dano, left wing Jeremy Morin, right wing Corey Tropp and a fourth-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Brendan Smith to a two-year contract extension; bought out the contract of center Stephen Weiss.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Brian Flynn to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Anders Lee to a four-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Patrick Mullen to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Ryan White to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Jeremy Welsh to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Martin Jones from the Boston Bruins for a first-round pick (29th overall, Bruins selected Trent Frederic) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and center Sean Kuraly; re-signed left wing Bryan Lerg to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Brenden Dillon to a five-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Andrej Sustr to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Mike Angelidis to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed Alex Biega to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed right Drew Stafford to a two-year contract.

Jun 29, 2015
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Zac Rinaldo from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick (80th overall, Flyers selected Kirill Ustimenko) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Andrej Nestrasil to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman David Rundblad to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Antti Niemi to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Terminated the contract of center Mike Richards.
Montreal Canadiens: Bought out the contract of right wing Pierre-Alexandre Parenteau.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Austin Watson to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Chris Wideman to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Chris VandeVelde.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Ian Cole to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Konrad Abeltshauser from the San Jose Sharks for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Mike Blunden to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Linden Vey to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender Jacob Markstrom to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Jay Beagle to a three-year contract; announced the retirement of defenseman Patrick Wey.

Jun 28, 2015
Nashville Predators: Bought out the contract of left wing Richard Clune.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Jonathan Marchessault to a one-year contract; signed right wing Brian Hart to a three-year contract.

Jun 27, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Carl Hagelin and second- and sixth-round picks (59th and 179th overall, Ducks selected Julius Nattinen and Garrett Metcalf) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for right wing Emerson Etem and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Florida via New Jersey; 41st overall, Rangers selected Ryan Gropp) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired defensemen Nicklas Grossmann and Chris Pronger from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Sam Gagner and a fourth-round pick (later acquired from San Jose, later traded to the New York Islanders) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay via the New York Rangers; 60th overall, Flames selected Oliver Kylington) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft for two third-round picks (one previously acquired from Washington; 76th and 83rd overall, Coyotes selected Adin Hill and Jens Looke) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired goaltender Eddie Lack from the Vancouver Canucks a third-round pick (66th overall, Canucks selected Guillaume Brisebois) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft and a seventh-round pick (194th overall, Canucks selected Brett McKenzie) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman James Wisniewski from the Anaheim Ducks for goaltender Anton Khudobin.
Chicago Blackhawks: Received a second-round pick (54th overall, Blackhawks selected Graham Knott) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft as compensation for not signing Kevin Hayes, their first-round pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired goaltender Antti Niemi from the San Jose Sharks for a seventh-round pick (193rd overall, Sharks selected Jake Kupsky) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired goaltender Cam Talbot and a seventh-round pick (previously re-acquired from Tampa Bay; 209th overall, Oilers selected Ziyat Paigin) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for a second- (previously acquired from Montreal, later traded to Washington), a third- (previously acquired from Ottawa; 79th overall, Rangers selected Sergey Zborovskiy) and a seventh-round pick (184th overall, Rangers selected Adam Huska) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Eric Gryba from the Ottawa Senators for center Travis Ewanyk and a a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh via Toronto; 107th overall, Senators selected Christian Wolanin) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 208th overall, Oilers selected Miroslav Svoboda) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas; 206th overall, Lightning selected Otto Somppi) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 99th overall, Kings selected Austin Wagner) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fourth-round pick (104th overall, Flyers selected Mikhail Vorobyov) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (172nd overall, Flyers selected Anthony Salinitri) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired a fifth-round pick (135th overall, Wild selected Kirill Kaprizov) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Boston Bruins for a fifth-round pick (136th overall, Bruins selected Cameron Clarke) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 147th overall, Islanders selected Ryan Pilon) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Vancouver) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired goaltender Antti Raanta from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Ryan Haggerty.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired a second-round pick (36th overall, Senators selected Gabriel Gagne) from the New Jersey Devils for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas; 42nd overall, Devils selected Mackenzie Blackwood) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (73rd overall, Devils selected Joseph Anderson) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Patrick McNally from the Vancouver Canucks for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay via the New York Islanders; 210th overall, Canucks selected Tate Olson) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo; 31st overall, Sharks selected Jeremy Roy) from the Colorado Avalanche for a second-round pick (39th overall, Avalanche selected A.J. Greer) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft, a second-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 40th overall, Avalanche selected Cameron Morrison) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 156th overall, Avalanche selected Denis Smirnov) in the 2017 NHL Draft; re-signed Melker Karlsson to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Karl Stollery, right wing Petter Emanuelsson and center Jeremy Langlois to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Martin Marincin from the Edmonton Oilers for left wing Brad Ross and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh, later traded to Ottawa) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal via Edmonton; 57th overall, Capitals selected Jonas Siegenthaler) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for third- (previously acquired from Buffalo; 62nd overall, Rangers selected Robin Kovacs) and fourth-round (113th overall, Rangers selected Brad Morrison) picks in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 26, 2015
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Adam McQuaid to a four-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired goaltender Robin Lehner and center David Legwand from the Ottawa Senators for a first-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 21st overall, Senators selected Colin White) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Ryan O'Reilly and left wing Jamie McGinn from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Nikita Zadorov, center Mikhail Grigorenko, left wing J.T. Compher and a second-round pick (later traded to San Jose) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Dougie Hamilton from the Boston Bruins for a first- (15th overall, Bruins selected Zachary Senyshyn) and two second-round picks (one previously acquired from Washington; 45th and 52nd overall, Bruins selected Jakob Forsbacka-Carlsson and Jeremy Lauzon) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay via Philadelphia; 29th overall, Blue Jackets selected Gabriel Carlsson) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for second- (previously acquired from Toronto via Los Angeles; 34th overall, Maple Leafs selected Travis Dermott) and third-round (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 68th overall, Maple Leafs selected Martins Dzierkals) picks in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Joakim Andersson to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Griffin Reinhart from the New York Islanders for first- (previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 16th overall, Islanders selected Mathew Barzal) and second-round (later traded to Tampa Bay) picks in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Milan Lucic from the Boston Bruins for goaltender Martin Jones, defenseman Colin Miller and a first-round pick (13th overall, Bruins selected Jakub Zboril) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed right wing Tyler Toffoli to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Mike Fisher to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right wing Kyle Palmieri from the Anaheim Ducks a second-round pick (previously acquired from Florida, later traded to the New York Rangers) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota via New Jersey, later traded to Nashville via Buffalo) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 28th overall, Islanders selected Anthony Beauvillier) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for second- (previously acquired from Edmonton; 33rd overall, Lightning selected Mitchell Stephens) and third-round (previously acquired from Florida; 72nd overall, Lightning selected Anthony Cirelli) picks in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 24th overall, Flyers selected Travis Konecny) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for first- (previously acquired from Tampa Bay, later traded to Columbus) and second-round (previously acquired from Chicago; 61st overall, Maple Leafs selected Jeremy Bracco) picks in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 25, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed left wing Max Friber to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Chris Terry to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Carl Soderberg from the Boston Bruins for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 165th overall, Bruins selected Oskar Steen) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Mark Stone to a three-year contract extension; signed center Mika Zibanejad to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed goaltender Troy Grosenick to a two-year contract.

Jun 24, 2015
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Curtis McElhinney to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 23, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Zane McIntyre to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Named Tony Granato and Pat Ferschweiler assistant coaches.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Tom Kuhnhackl to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defensemen Petter Granberg and Tim Erixon to one-year contracts; signed center Zach Hyman to a two-year contract.

Jun 22, 2015
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed goaltender Scott Wedgewood to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Ronalds Kenins and center Alex Friesen to one-year contracts.

Jun 20, 2015
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Mikael Backlund to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Bought out the contract of right wing Adam Burish.

Jun 19, 2015
Minnesota Wild: Bought out the contract of left wing Matt Cooke.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Zach Hyman and a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2017 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for center Greg McKegg.

Jun 18, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Named Ron Rolston head coach of Springfield of the AHL.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Tommy Cross and right wing Tyler Randell to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Named Terry Murray and Dave Barr assistant coaches.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Michal Jordan to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Kenny McCudden assistant coach.
Minnesota Wild: Waived left wing Matt Cooke for the purpose of buying out the remainder of his contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Jean-Gabriel Pageau to a two-year contract; signed head coach Dave Cameron to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Mike Sullivan head coach of Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the AHL.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Joe Cannata.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Ben Chiarot to a two-year contract.

Jun 17, 2015
Buffalo Sabres: Named Adam Mair and Krys Barch player development coaches.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed goaltender Jack Campbell to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Patrik Nemeth to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Axel Holmstrom to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Geoff Ward and Alain Nasreddine assistant coaches.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Nate Schmidt to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed right wing Anthony Peluso to a two-year contract.

Jun 16, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Kimmo Timonen.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Kevin Gravel to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Juuse Saros to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Tobias Lindberg to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Jacques Martin special assistant to the head coach.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Jim Hiller, D.J. Smith and Andrew Brewer assistant coaches; named Matthew Herring strength and conditioning coach.

Jun 15, 2015
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Derek Ryan to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Jyrki Jokipakka to a two-year contract; promoted goaltending coach Mike Valley to director of goaltending development; named Jeff Reese goaltending coach.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Torrey Mitchell to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Vojtech Mozik to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Niclas Andersen to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Philipp Grubauer to a two-year contract.

Jun 14, 2015
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Nathan Beaulieu to a two-year contract.

Jun 13, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Marcus Pettersson to a three-year contract.

Jun 12, 2015
Dallas Stars: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with goaltender Jussi Rynnas.

Jun 11, 2015
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Lucas Wallmark to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Announced an affiliation agreement with Missouri of the ECHL.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Fredrik Claesson to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Chase De Leo to a three-year contract.

Jun 9, 2015
Detroit Red Wings: Named Jeff Blashill head coach.

Jun 8, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed center Noel Acciari to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Austin Madaisky to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Brad Hunt and right wing Andrew Miller to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Sheldon Keefe head coach of Toronto of the AHL.

Jun 5, 2015
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Louick Marcotte to a three-year contract.

Jun 4, 2015
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Andreas Johnson to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman T.J. Brennan to a one-year contract; named Scott Pellerin director of player development.

Jun 3, 2015
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Jeff Petry to a six-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired a third-round pick (later traded to Toronto) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils as compensation for the hiring of John Hynes.
Washington Capitals: Extended their affiliation agreement with Hershey of the AHL through the 2015-16 season.

Jun 2, 2015
New Jersey Devils: Named John Hynes head coach.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Garrett Mitchell to a two-year contract.

Jun 1, 2015
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Tyler Ganly to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Blake Siebenaler to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Dean Kukan to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Chase Balisy.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Gabriel Dumont and defenseman Morgan Ellis to one-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named John Chayka and Chris O'Hearn assistant general managers.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Daniel Walcott from the New York Rangers for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers, later traded to Edmonton) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

May 29, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Anton Blidh.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed goaltender Drew MacIntyre to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Justin Falk to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Sergey Kalinin.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver via the New York Islanders, later traded back to Vancouver) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres as compensation for the hiring of Dan Bylsma.

May 28, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Matthias Plachta to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Named Dan Bylsma head coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Cody Goloubef to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Brett Olson to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired a third-round pick (81st overall, Devils selected Reilly Walsh) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks as compensation for the Sharks naming Peter DeBoer head coach.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired a third-round pick in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres as compensation for the Sabres naming Dan Bylsma head coach.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Jordan Schmaltz to a three-year contract.

May 27, 2015
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Anton Slepyshev to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Vaugh Karpan director of professional scouting.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Ryan Kujawinski and left wing Blake Pietila.
San Jose Sharks: Named Peter DeBoer head coach.

May 26, 2015
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed head coach Ken Hitchock to a one-year contract.

May 25, 2015
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Sam Carrick to a one-year contract.

May 22, 2015
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Michael Keranen to a two-year contract.

May 21, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Joonas Kemppainen to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Dylan Larkin to a three-year contract; acquired a third-round pick (79th overall, Red Wings selected Lane Zablocki) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs as compensation for the hiring of Mike Babcock.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Aaron Palushaj to a one-year contract.

May 20, 2015
Boston Bruins: Named assistant general manager Don Sweeney general manager.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Andrew Hammond to a three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Yevgeni Medvedev to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis; 86th overall, Sharks selected Mike Robinson) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers as compensation for the hiring of Todd McLellan.
St. Louis Blues: Named Martin Brodeur assistant general manager.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Mike Babcock head coach.

May 19, 2015
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Jakub Nakladal to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Todd McLellan head coach.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Joonas Donskoi to a two-year contract.

May 18, 2015
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Andreas Martinsen to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced the resignation of assistant general manager Chris MacFarland.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Dave Hakstol head coach.

May 14, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left Ondrej Kase to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jordan Subban.

May 12, 2015
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Eetu Laurikainen to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Mackenze Stewart.

May 9, 2015
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Dominic Turgeon to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed right wing Jordin Tootoo.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Matt O'Connor to a two-year contract.

May 6, 2015
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Marek Mazanec to a one-year contract.

May 4, 2015
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Pavel Jenys to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the resignation of general manager Lou Lamoriello; named Ray Shero general manager.

May 1, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Artemi Panarin to a two-year contract.

Apr 30, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Erik Gustafsson to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Joseph Labate.

Apr 26, 2015
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Christoph Bertschy to a three-year contract.

Apr 25, 2015
Boston Bruins: Acquired a second-round pick (53rd overall, Bruins selected Jack Studnicka) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Edmonton Oilers as compensation for the hiring of Peter Chiarelli.

Apr 24, 2015
Dallas Stars: Signed center Mattias Janmark to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Peter Chiarelli president of hockey operations.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Kristian Nakyva to a one-year contract.

Apr 23, 2015
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Hal Gill.

Apr 22, 2015
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Evan Rodrigues to a two-year contract.

Apr 20, 2015
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Markus Hannikainen to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Fired head coach Todd McLellan.

Apr 17, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Christian Dvorak to a three-year contract; announced a multi-year affiliation agreement with Springfield of the AHL.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced a five-year affiliation agreement with San Antonio of the AHL.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced a multi-year affiliation agreement with Lake Erie of the AHL.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman John Klingber to a seven-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Fired head coach Craig Berube.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Riley Barber to a three-year contract.

Apr 15, 2015
Boston Bruins: Fired general manager Peter Chiarelli.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Adrian Kempe to a three-year contract.

Apr 14, 2015
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed goaltender Keith Kinkaid to a two-year contract.

Apr 13, 2015
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Nail Yakupov to a two-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of defenseman Robyn Regehr.

Apr 12, 2015
Buffalo Sabres: Fired head coach Ted Nolan; fired assistant coaches Danny Flynn, Bryan Trottier and Tom Coolen.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Jaromir Jagr to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Mark MacMillan to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Fired general manager David Nonis; fired interim head coach Peter Horachek; fired assistant coach Steve Spott, goaltending coach Rick St. Croix and video coach Chris Dennis; re-assigned assistant coach Steve Staios to the position manager of player development.

Apr 10, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Ryan MacInnis to a three-year contract.

Apr 9, 2015
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Josh Brown to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Dylan Labbe to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Steve Moses to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Cam Darcy to a three-year contract.

Apr 8, 2015
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Kyle Burroughs to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Luca Sbisa to a three-year contract extension; signed right wing Derek Dorsett to a four-year contract extension.

Apr 7, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed center Colby Cave.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Alex Lintuniemi to a three-year contract.

Apr 2, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Tanner Kero to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Anton Lander to a two-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Tanner Pearson to a two-year contract extension; signed right wing Jonny Brodzinski to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Stephon Williams to a two-year contract.

Apr 1, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed center Austin Czarnik.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Roland McKeown to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Michael Matheson.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Brady Skjei.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Matthew Peca to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Adam Wilcox to a two-year contract.

Mar 31, 2015
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Ross Johnston to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Travis Boyd to a two-year contract.

Mar 30, 2015
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Brody Hoffman and defenseman Zach Palmquist.

Mar 29, 2015
Florida Panthers: Signed center Kyle Rau.

Mar 27, 2015
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Brett Pesce to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Alex Nedeljkovic to a three-year contract.

Mar 26, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Kyle Baun to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Michael Paliotta to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of right wing Mikael Samuelsson.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Joel Rumpel to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Joakim Ryan to two-year contract.

Mar 24, 2015
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Mason Geertsen to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Brayden Point to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Chris Tanev to a five-year contract extension.

Mar 22, 2015
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Rasmus Tirronen to a one-year contract.

Mar 21, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Vincent Hinostroza to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Casey Bailey to a two-year contract.

Mar 20, 2015
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Colin Stephens.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Nikita Soshnikov to a three-year contract.

Mar 18, 2015
Florida Panthers: Announced a four-year affiliation agreement with Portland of the AHL.

Mar 16, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Brandon Montour to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Ben Hutton.

Mar 14, 2015
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Ashton Sautner to a three-year contract.

Mar 13, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed center Frank Vatrano to a three-year contract.

Mar 12, 2015
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Johnny Boychuk to a seven-year contract extension.

Mar 10, 2015
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Colton Parayko to a two-year contract.

Mar 6, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Torey Krug to a one-year contract extension; signed right wing Reilly Smith to a two-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Nick Moutrey to a three-year contract.

Mar 5, 2015
Boston Bruins: Signed center Justin Hickman to a three-year contract.

Mar 4, 2015
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Tyler Lewington to a three-year contract.

Mar 2, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Simon Despres from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Ben Lovejoy; acquired defenseman James Wisniewski and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit; 80th overall, Ducks selected Brent Gates) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft for left wing Rene Bourque, center William Karlsson and a second-round pick (58th overall, Blue Jackets selected Kevin Stenlund) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired goaltender David Leggio from the New York Islanders for defenseman Mark Louis; claimed left wing Craig Cunningham off waivers from the Boston Bruins; claimed left wing Tye McGinn off waivers from the San Jose Sharks.
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Brett Connolly from the Tampa Bay Lightning for second-round picks in the 2015 (44th overall, Lightning selected Matthew Spencer) and 2016 (44th overall, Lightning selected Boris Katchouk) NHL Entry Drafts; acquired centers Maxime Talbot and Paul Carey from the Colorado Avalanche for right wing Jordan Caron and a sixth-round pick (later traded back to Boston) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Zack Phillips from the Minnesota Wild for right wing Jared Knight.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Andrew Desjardins from the San Jose Sharks for right wing Ben Smith and a conditional seventh-round pick (if Chicago wins the Stanley Cup in 2015; 212th overall, Sharks selected Ivan Chekhovich) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Freddie Hamilton from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Karl Stollery; acquired defenseman Mat Clark from the Anaheim Ducks for center Michael Sgarbossa.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Cam Atkinson to a three-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Marek Zidlicky and a conditional fifth-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for a conditional third-round pick (if Detroit does not advance to the 2015 Stanley Cup Finals, later traded to Pittsburgh) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Jordan Leopold from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Justin Falk and a fifth-round pick (141st overall, Blue Jackets selected Veeti Vainio) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Chris Stewart from the Buffalo Sabres for a second-round pick (54th overall, Sabres selected Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Jeff Petry from the Edmonton Oilers for second-round pick (later traded to Washington via the New York Rangers) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional (if Montreal advances to the second round of the 2015 Stanley Cup playoffs) fourth-round pick (117th overall, Oilers selected Caleb Jones) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Brian Flynn from the Buffalo Sabres for a fifth-round pick (130th overall, Sabres selected Vojtech Budik) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Torrey Mitchell from the Buffalo Sabres for left wing Jack Nevins and a seventh-round pick (190th overall, Sabres selected Vasily Glotov) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired right wing Tyler Kennedy from the San Jose Sharks for a conditional (if the Islanders do not win the 2015 Stanley Cup and Kennedy does not play in 50% of the Islanders' playoff games) seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay, later traded to Vancouver) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Michal Neuvirth from the Buffalo Sabres for goaltender Chad Johnson and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver, later traded back to Vancouver via Pittsburgh) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Mats Zuccarello to a four-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Ian Cole from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Robert Bortuzzo and a seventh-round pick (211th overall, Blues selected Filip Helt) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Zbynek Michalek and a conditional third-round pick in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for center Maxim Letunov.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Braydon Coburn from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Radko Gudas, and first- (later traded to Columbus via Toronto) and third-round (90th overall, Flyers selected Matej Tomek) picks in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Eric Brewer and a fifth-round pick (later traded to Washington) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Korbinian Holzer; acquired center Joakim Lindstrom and a conditional sixth-round pick (if St. Louis fails to make it to the 2015 Stanley Cup Finals, otherwise a fifth-round pick; 179th overall, Maple Leafs selected Nicolas Mattinen) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft for center Olli Jokinen.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Cory Conacher from the New York Islanders for left wing Dustin Jeffrey; acquired left wing Sven Baertschi from the Calgary Flames for a second-round pick (53rd overall, Flames selected Rasmus Andersson) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 1, 2015
Calgary Flames: Claimed defenseman David Schlemko off waivers from the Dallas Stars.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jay McClement to a two-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Dillon Heatherington to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired left wing Erik Cole and a conditional (if Detroit does not reach the 2015 Eastern Conference Final and Cole does not play in 50% of Detroit's playoff games) third-round pick (73rd overall, Red Wings selected Vili Saarijarvi) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Mattias Backman, center Mattias Janmark and a second-round pick (49th overall, Stars selected Roope Hintz) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired defensemen Keith Yandle and Chris Summers and a fourth-round pick (98th overall, Rangers selected Tarmo Reunanen) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for left wing Anthony Duclair, defenseman John Moore, a first-round pick (later traded to Detroit) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay, later traded to Calgary) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center James Sheppard from the San Jose Sharks for a fourth-round pick (111th overall, Sharks selected Noah Gregor) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed defenseman Tim Erixon off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Curtis Glencross from the Calgary Flames for second- (later traded to Boston) and third-round (later traded to Arizona) picks in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired right wing Lee Stempniak from the New York Rangers for left wing Carl Klingberg.

Feb 28, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Tomas Fleischmann from the Florida Panthers for left wing Dany Heatley and a third-round pick (88th overall, Panthers selected Thomas Schemitsch) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Antoine Vermette from the Arizona Coyotes for defenseman Klas Dahlbeck and a first-round pick (30th overall, Coyotes selected Nick Merkley) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Tim Gleason from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Jack Hillen and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Arizona; 93rd overall, Hurricanes selected Callum Booth) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 27, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Kimmo Timonen from the Philadelphia Flyers for a second-round pick in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft (later traded to Toronto) and a conditional second-round pick (if Chicago advances to the 2015 Stanley Cup Finals with Timonen playing in at least 50% of the Blackhawks' playoff games, otherwise a fourth-round pick; 52nd overall, Flyers selected Wade Allison) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 26, 2015
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Jaromir Jagr from the New Jersey Devils for a second-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers via Anaheim) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota, later traded to Nashville via Anaheim and Buffalo) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing David Cracknell from the Columbus Blue Jackets for future considerations.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Nathan Horton from the Columbus Blue Jackets for right wing David Clarkson; acquired defenseman T.J. Brennan from the Chicago Blackhawks for center Spencer Abbott.

Feb 25, 2015
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Andrej Sekera from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Roland McKeown and a conditional (a 2016 pick if Los Angeles fails to qualify for the 2015 Stanley Cup playoffs) first-round pick in the 2015 or 2016 NHL Entry Draft (21st overall, Hurricanes selected Julien Gauthier); signed left wing Kyle Clifford to a five-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Daniel Winnik from the Toronto Maple Leafs for center Zach Sill, a second-round pick (later traded back to Pittsburgh) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Ottawa via Edmonton) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired right wing Jiri Tlusty from the Carolina Hurricanes for a third-round pick (67th overall, Hurricanes selected Matt Filipe) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional (if Winnipeg qualifies for the 2015 Stanley Cup playoffs) sixth-round pick (138th overall, Hurricanes selected Spencer Smallman) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 24, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Jiri Sekac from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Devante Smith-Pelly.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Jordan Nolan to a three-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Sean Bergenheim and a seventh-round pick (204th overall, Wild selected Brayden Chizen) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for a third-round pick (later traded to Nashville via New Jersey, Anaheim and Buffalo) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Nick Leddy to a seven-year contract extension.

Feb 23, 2015
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Allen York to a one-year contract.

Feb 22, 2015
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Scott Darling to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 19, 2015
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Tim Jackman to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 16, 2015
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Marc Methot to a four-year contract extension.

Feb 15, 2015
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Cody Franson and center Mike Santorelli from the Toronto Maple Leafs for center Olli Jokinen, left wing Brendan Leipsic and a first-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 12, 2015
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed left wing Brandon McMillan off waivers from the Arizona Coyotes.

Feb 11, 2015
Arizona Coyotes: Claimed center Mark Arcobello off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Evander Kane, defenseman Zach Bogosian and goaltender Jason Kasdorf from the Winnipeg Jets for defenseman Tyler Myers, right wings Drew Stafford and Joel Armia, left wing Brendan Lemieux and a conditional first-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis; 25th overall, Jets selected Jack Roslovic) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired goaltender Jhonas Enroth from the Buffalo Sabres for goaltender Anders Lindback and a conditional third-round pick (if Enroth wins fewer than four playoff games for the Stars in 2015; 86th overall, Sabres selected Casey Fitzgerald) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of goaltender Evgeni Nabokov.

Feb 9, 2015
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Evgeni Nabokov from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations.

Feb 6, 2015
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired right wing Carter Ashton and left wing David Broll from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 5, 2015
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Mike Condon to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 4, 2015
New York Rangers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Ryan Malone.

Jan 29, 2015
Boston Bruins: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Simon Gagne.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center Maxim Lapierre from the St. Louis Blues for center Marcel Goc.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of goaltender Martin Brodeur; named Brodeur senior advisor to the general manager.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Adam Clendening from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Gustav Forsling.

Jan 27, 2015
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of right wing Radek Dvorak.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center/right wing Brad Mills to a one-year contract.

Jan 26, 2015
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Nikita Jevpalovs to a three-year contract.

Jan 22, 2015
Ottawa Senators: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Jakub Culek.

Jan 21, 2015
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of left wing Ray Whitney.

Jan 14, 2015
Minnesota Wild: Acquired goaltender Devan Dubnyk from the Arizona Coyotes for a third-round pick (81st overall, Coyotes selected Brendan Warren) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Joseph Blandisi.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed center Mark Arcobello off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Jan 9, 2015
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky to a four-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Corban Knight from the Calgary Flames for center Drew Shore.
Vancouver Canucks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Henrik Tommernes.

Jan 7, 2015
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Peter Horachek interim head coach.

Jan 6, 2015
Toronto Maple Leafs: Fired head coach Randy Carlyle.

Jan 5, 2015
Tampa Bay Lightning: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Jerome Samson.

Jan 3, 2015
Dallas Stars: Claimed defenseman David Schlemko off waivers from the Arizona Coyotes.

Jan 2, 2015
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing David Perron from the Edmonton Oilers for left wing Rob Klinkhammer and a first-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
