Nov 25, 2012
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of right wing Mark Parrish.

Nov 19, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of defenseman Jaroslav Spacek.

Nov 12, 2012
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of goaltender Pascal Leclaire.

Oct 9, 2012
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of goaltender Dominik Hasek.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the retirement of left wing Brett McLean.

Oct 2, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of goaltender Vesa Toskala.

Sep 15, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Cam Fowler to a five-year contract extension.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Milan Lucic to a three-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Tyler Ennis to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Kevin Klein to a five-year contract extension; re-signed center Craig Smith to a two-year contract.

Sep 14, 2012
Dallas Stars: Re-signed goaltender Kari Lehtonen to a five-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Justin Abdelkader to a four-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Gabriel Bourque to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Michael St. Croix.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Shane Doan to a four-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Alex Burrows to a four-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman John Carlson to a six-year contract extension.

Sep 13, 2012
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Carlo Colaiacovo, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Colton Sissons to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jonathon Blum to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Evan McEneny; renewed their affiliation agreement with Kalamazoo of the ECHL.

Sep 12, 2012
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Kurtis MacDermid to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defensemen Derrick Pouliot and Olli Maatta to three-year contracts. 
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed goaltender Ben Scrivens to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Troy Brouwer to a three-year contract.

Sep 11, 2012
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center Tyler Seguin to a six-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Jeremy Welsh to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Michal Rozsival, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed right wing Spencer Machacek.

Sep 10, 2012
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Steve Eminger.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Nikita Kucherov to a three-year contract.

Sep 7, 2012
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Brad Marchand to a four-year contract extension.

Sep 6, 2012
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Malcolm Subban to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defensemen Reece Scarlett and Damon Severson.

Sep 5, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Patrick Dwyer to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Zack Smith to a four-year contract.

Sep 4, 2012
Dallas Stars: Extended their affiliation agreement with Allen of the CHL.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of center John Madden.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Lucas Lessio.

Sep 3, 2012
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Jordan Martinook to a three-year contract.

Aug 30, 2012
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Jordan Eberle to a six-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Eric Tangradi and defensemen Brian Strait, Robert Bortuzzo and Alex Grant to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Announced an affiliation agreement with Evansville of the ECHL.

Aug 29, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Announced a one-year affiliation agreement with Fort Wayne of the ECHL.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Kyle Turris to a five-year contract extension.

Aug 27, 2012
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Eddie Lack to a two-year contract.

Aug 23, 2012
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Cody Ceci to a three-year contract.

Aug 22, 2012
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Taylor Hall to a seven-year contract extension.

Aug 20, 2012
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Mike Fisher to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed left wing Scott Hartnell to a six-year contract extension.

Aug 17, 2012
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed director of amateur scouting Trevor Timmins.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Scott Hannan, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.

Aug 16, 2012
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Wayne Simmonds to a multi-year contract extension.

Aug 15, 2012
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing Brandon Mashinter to a one-year contract.

Aug 14, 2012
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Mitchell Heard to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Max Pacioretty to a six-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Stefan Matteau to a three-year contract.

Aug 13, 2012
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Giguere to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Brendan Gaunce to a three-year contract.

Aug 9, 2012
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Bobby Butler, who had been with the Ottawa Senators.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Tyler Biggs to a three-year contract.

Aug 8, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jeff Skinner to a six-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Marc-Andre Bourdon to a multi-year contract; signed center Scott Laughton to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: renewed their affiliation agreement with Arizona of the CHL.

Aug 7, 2012
Phoenix Coyotes: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Gwinnett of the ECHL.

Aug 6, 2012
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Tomas Jurco to a three-year contract.

Aug 3, 2012
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Tanner Pearson to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Morgan Rielly to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Alexandre Mallet.

Aug 2, 2012
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Alex Biega to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Griffin Reinhart to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Dmitry Korobov to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Named Larry Simmons assistant general manager.

Aug 1, 2012
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed head coach Peter Laviolette to a multi-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Jayson Megna to a two-year contract.

Jul 31, 2012
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Patrick Kaleta to a multi-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Martin Frk to a three-year contract.

Jul 30, 2012
Philadelphia Flyers: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Trenton of the ECHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Mark Fraser to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Guillaume Desbiens, who had been with the Calgary Flames.

Jul 27, 2012
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender Leland Irving to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Bought out the contract of right wing Bobby Butler.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Davis Payne assistant coach.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Tobias Enstrom to a multi-year contract extension.

Jul 26, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Alexander Semin, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Alex Plante and center Chris VandeVelde to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Anton Stralman to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Jakub Voracek to a four-year contract.

Jul 25, 2012
Boston Bruins: Announced an affiliation agreement with South Carolina of the ECHL.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Drew Schiestel to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Jordie Benn to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of defenseman Steve Staios; signed defenseman Nathan McIver, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Brennan Evans, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Stephane Da Costa to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Steve Staios player development advisor.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Dale Weise.

Jul 24, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Jay Harrison to a three-year contract; signed center Zach Boychuk to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Ryan Murray to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Colin Wilson to a three-year contract; announced that they will match the offer sheet extended to defenseman Shea Weber by the Philadelphia Flyers.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Simon Gysbers to a one-year contract.

Jul 23, 2012
Boston Bruins: Signed head coach Claude Julien to a multi-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Drayson Bowman to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Extended their affiliation agreement with Toledo of the ECHL.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Rob Riley and Andy Schneider amateur scouts.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Max Lagace to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Nail Yakupov to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Kris Versteeg to a four-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Alex Galchenyuk to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Sergei Kostitsyn to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Jack MacLellan to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Rick Nash, defenseman Steven Delisle and a conditional (if the Rangers do not advance to the 2013 Stanley Cup finals) third-round pick (75th overall, Rangers selected Pavel Buchnevich) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for centers Brandon Dubinsky and Artem Anisimov, defenseman Tim Erixon and a first-round pick (19th overall, Blue Jackets selected Kerby Rychel) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Kaspars Daugavins to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Named Tim Hunter assistant coach.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Maxime Macenauer, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks.

Jul 22, 2012
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Mark Fistric to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Keith Aucoin, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.

Jul 20, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Daniel Winnik, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Jerome Samson to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Sam Gagner to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Casey Wellman from the New York Rangers for a fifth-round pick (122nd overall, Rangers selected Richard Nejezchleb) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Nikolai Kulemin to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Nolan Baumgartner assistant coach of Chicago of the AHL.

Jul 19, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Tim Wallace, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Matt Dumba to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Shea Weber, currently of the Nashville Predators, to a fourteen-year contract offer sheet.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center T.J. Oshie to a five-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Tom Wilson to a three-year contract.

Jul 18, 2012
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Aaron Johnson, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Ty Wishart to a one-year contract; named Scott Pellerin head coach of Bridgeport Sound of the AHL.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Eric Gryba and center Jim O'Brien to two-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Chris Summers to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Rob Zettler assistant coach of Syracuse of the AHL.
Washington Capitals: Named Calle Johansson assistant coach.

Jul 17, 2012
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Nick Tarnasky and defenseman T.J. Brennan to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Jamie Kompon assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defensemen Thomas Hickey and Jake Muzzin, right wing Stefan Legein and left wing David Meckler to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed goaltender Jeremy Smith to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Scott Stevens and Matt Shaw assistant coaches.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Jason Clark to a three-year contract.

Jul 16, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Marco Cousineau to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Ludwig Bystrom to a three-year contract; signed center Ryan Garbutt to a two-year contract; signed left wing Luke Gazdic to a one-year contract. 
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Theo Peckham to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Dwight King to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Blake Geoffrion to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Sean Backman to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Nathan Lawson, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Chris Porter, right wing Anthony Peluso and center Brett Sonne to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Matt Pelech to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Mike Green to a three-year contract.

Jul 14, 2012
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Matt Clackson to a one-year contract.

Jul 13, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Hampus Lindholm to a three-year contract; signed center Nick Bonino to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Zemgus Girgensons to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Chris Terry to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Mark Olver and left wing Jamie McGinn to two-year contracts; signed left wing Bryan Lerg, right wings Bill Thomas and Geoff Walker and defenseman Thomas Pock to one-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Philip Larsen to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Maxime Fortune to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Raphael Diaz to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Andre Benoit to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Benn Ferriero, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Filip Forsberg to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed center Kyle Wellwood to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Paul Postma.

Jul 12, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Teemu Selanne to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Matt Bartkowski to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed goaltender Richard Bachman and right wing Colton Sceviour to one-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Peter Mueller, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Aaron Palushaj to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Sean Collins, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wings Joel Rechlitz and Nick Johnson, who had been with the Washington Capitals and Minnesota Wild, to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing John McCarthy to a two-year contract; re-signed centers T.J. Galiardi and Jonathan Matsumoto and left wing Frazer McLaren to one-year contracts.

Jul 11, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Frederik Andersen to a two-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Garnet Exelby and left wing Lane MacDermid to one-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Marc-Andre Gragnani, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Brett Ritchie and defenseman Troy Vance to three-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Renewed their affiliation agreement with Stockton of the ECHL through the 2012-13 season.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Brandon Segal, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Chris Neil to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Carl Sneep and center Keven Veilleux to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Marc-Edouard Vlasic to a five-year contract extension; announced an affiliation agreement with San Francisco of the ECHL.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Wojtek Wolski, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Zach Hamill to a one-year contract.

Jul 10, 2012
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Sean Sullivan, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Jeff Halpern, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Tyler Eckford to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed assistant to the general manager Sean Burke to a multi-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Jamie Langenbrunner to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Named Jim Johnson assistant coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired right wing B.J. Crombeen and a fifth-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft from the St. Louis Blues for fourth-round picks in the 2013 (later traded to Edmonton) and 2014 (110th overall, Blues selected Augustin Poganski) NHL Entry Drafts; re-signed right wing Teddy Purcell to a three-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Korbinia Holzer to a one-year contract.

Jul 9, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Corey Elkins to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Christian Hanson to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed head coach Todd Nelson and assistant coaches Gerry Fleming and Rocky Thompson at Oklahoma City of the AHL.
San Jose Sharks: Named Larry Robinson associate coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Mayson Raymond to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Announced an affiliation agreement with Reading of the ECHL.

Jul 7, 2012
Florida Panthers: Signed center Andre Deveaux, who had been with the New York Rangers.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Ryan Stoa, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.

Jul 6, 2012
Dallas Stars: Signed center Radek Faksa to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Kevin Porter, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche; signed right wing Mark Mancari, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender David Leggio.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Nick Foligno to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Andrew Bodnarchuk, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Brian Connelly, who had been with the Calgary Flames.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Kyle Chipchura to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Andrew Murray, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed goaltender Anders Lindback to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Taormina, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Derek Joslin, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed center Ben Maxwell and goaltender Mark Dekanich.

Jul 5, 2012
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Mikael Backlund.
Detroit Red Wings: Named Tom Renney assistant coach.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Dane Byers to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender Devan Dubnyk to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jeff Petry.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Justin Faulk to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Frederic St-Denis to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Krys Barch, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Kyle Jean.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Ruslan Fedotenko, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Bruno Gervais, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center David Perron to a four-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Patrick Mullen, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Mathieu Perreault to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Jay Beagle to a three-year contract.

Jul 4, 2012
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Zach McKelvie, who had been with the Boston Bruins; re-signed right wing Akim Aliu and center Paul Byron.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Ryan Suter, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a thirteen-year contract; signed left wing Zach Parise, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a thirteen-year contract; signed center Jake Dowell, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Steve Sullivan, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Philippe Dupuis, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Matt Carle, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a six-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Nolan Baumgartner.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Jeff Taffe and left wing Jon DiSalvatore, who had been with the Minnesota Wild; signed right wing Matt Beaudoin, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Al Montoya, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.

Jul 3, 2012
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Erik Johnson to a four-year contract; signed right wing Bill Thomas, who had been with the Florida Panthers.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Jaromir Jagr, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Tyler Sloan, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Max Nicastro to a two-year contract; signed left wing Marek Tvrdon to a a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Jean-Francois Jacques, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Mike Moore, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Bryce Salvador to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Taylor Pyatt, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Hugh Jessiman to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Danny Syvret, who had been with the St. Louis Blues.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Rob Klinkhammer, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Jonathan Matsumoto, who had been with the Florida Panthers.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Jack Hillen, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.

Jul 2, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Matt Smaby to a one-year contract; signed right wing Rickard Rakell to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Jiri Hudler, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a four-year contract; signed center Ben Street. 
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Martin St. Pierre, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Derek Roy from the Buffalo Sabres for right wing Steve Ott and defenseman Adam Pardy; re-signed center Toby Petersen and left wing Antoine Roussel to two-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Named Bryan McCabe manager of player development.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Carey Price to a six-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed goaltenders Martin Brodeur and Johan Hedberg to two-year contracts.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Colin McDonald, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Brandon DeFazio to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Chris Conner, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Alexandre Bolduc to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Jeff Woywitka, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Matt Irwin and goaltender Alex Stalock to one-year contracts; signed center Bracken Kearns and defenseman Danny Giroux to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Andrew Ebbett and right wing Steve Pinizzotto to one-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Garrett Stafford, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Kevin Marshall to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Olli Jokinen, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract.

Jul 1, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Sheldon Souray, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Bryan Allen, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a three-year contract; signed right wing Brad Staubitz, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jordan Hendry, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Alexander Khokhlachev to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman John Scott, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jordan Staal to a 10-year contract extension; signed defenseman Joe Corvo, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender Justin Peters to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Brett Sutter to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Sheldon Brookbank, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Pierre-Alexandre Parenteau, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a four-year contract; signed defenseman Greg Zanon, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed center John Mitchell, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Nick Foligno from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Marc Methot; signed defenseman Adrian Aucoin, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender Curtis McElhinney to a one-year contract; signed left wing Jonathan Audy-Marchessault to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Ray Whitney, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Aaron Rome, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Jonas Gustavsson, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Mikael Samuelsson, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Jordin Tootoo, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Justin Schultz to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Darcy Hordichuk to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Ryan Smyth to a two-year contract; re-signed goaltender Yann Danis to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing George Parros, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Filip Kuba, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a two-year contract; re-signed goaltender Scott Clemmensen to a two-year contract; re-signed center Greg Rallo to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Dustin Penner to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Torrey Mitchell, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a three-year contract; signed center Zenon Konopka, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Brandon Prust, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a four-year contract; signed right wing Colby Armstrong, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Francis Bouillon, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Cedrick Desjardins, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Mike Blunden to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Chris Mason, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Brian McGrattan to a one-year contract; signed left wing Kevin Henderson to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Brad Boyes, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Carkner, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a three-year contract; signed left wing Eric Boulton, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Arron Asham, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Stu Bickel to a two-year contract; signed center Michael Haley, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a two-year contract; re-signed center Kris Newbury to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Mike Lundin and left wing Guillaume Latendresse, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to one-year contracts; signed left wing Shane Prince to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Tanner Glass, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Jeff Zatkoff, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Steve MacIntyre to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Dylan Reese, who had been with the New York Islanders; signed center Warren Peters, who had been with the Minnesota Wild; signed left wing Trevor Smith, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing David Moss, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Chad Johnson, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Adam Burish, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a four-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Mike McKenna, and defensemen Taylor Chorney and Scott Ford to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Sami Salo, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Benoit Pouliot and defenseman Evan Oberg to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Artem Sergeev to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Jay McClement, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Mike Kostka, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Matt Frattin to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Ryan Hamilton and goaltender Jussi Rynnas to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jason Garrison, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a six-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Joey Crabb, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Derek Meech to a one-year contract.

Jun 30, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Jared Boll to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Nick Holden to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman David Musil to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Alexei Emelin to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Paul Gaustad to a four-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Matt Niskanen to a two-year contract; re-signed goaltender Brad Thiessen to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Keith Aulie to a one-year contract.

Jun 29, 2012
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Cory Sarich, right wing Lee Stempniak and center Blair Jones to two-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Steve Downie to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Matt Kassian and defenseman Chay Genoway to two-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Petteri Nokelainen and defenseman Brendon Nash to one-year contracts; re-signed center Travis Moen to a four-year contract; named Jean-Jacques Daigneault assistant coach.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed right wings Steve Bernier and Cam Janssen, center Ryan Carter, left wing Stephen Gionta, and defenseman Peter Harrold.
New York Rangers: Re-signed goaltender Martin Biron to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Terry Murray head coach of Philadelphia of the AHL; named Ian Laperriere director of player development.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Andy Miele to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Cory Schneider to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Mike Carman to a one-year contract.

Jun 28, 2012
Boston Bruins: Re-signed goaltender Tuukka Rask to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Nikita Nikitin to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed goaltender Jonathan Quick to a ten-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Hal Gill to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Sidney Crosby to a twelve-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Scott Nichol to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Brian Lee to a two-year contract.

Jun 27, 2012
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Dennis Wideman from the Washington Capitals for defenseman Jordan Henry and a fifth-round pick (later traded to Winnipeg) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; signed defenseman Dennis Wideman to a five-year contract; re-signed right wing Blake Comeau to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Ralph Krueger head coach.
New York Islanders: Named Brent Thompson assistant coach.
St. Louis Blues: Signed head coach Ken Hitchcock to a one-year contract extension through 2013-14.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Brendan Mikkelson to a one-year contract.

Jun 26, 2012
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Shane O'Brien to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Ryan White to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defensemen Brad Stuart and Justin Braun to three-year contracts; re-signed center Tommy Wingels to a two-year contract; re-signed center Andrew Desjardins to a one-year contract; extended qualifying offers to goaltender Alex Stalock, defensemen Matt Irwin, Matt Pelech and Nick Petrecki, centers T.J. Galiardi James Sheppard and Tim Kennedy, and left wings Frazer McLaren and Brandon Mashinter.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Extended qualifying offers to goaltenders Ben Scrivens and Jussi Rynnas, defensemen Cody Franson and Korbinian Holzer, left wing Nikolai Kulemin, and right wing Matt Frattin. 
Vancouver Canucks: Named Scott Arniel head coach of Chicago of the AHL.
Washington Capitals: Named Adam Oates head coach.

Jun 25, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Extended qualifying offers to goaltender Marco Cousineau, defensemen Mathieu Carle and Kyle Cumiskey, center Nick Bonino, and left wing Luca Caputi.
Calgary Flames: Extended qualifying offers to goaltender Leland Irving, centers Mikael Backlund, Paul Byron and Blair Jones, and right wing Akim Aliu.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Ryan Wilson to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Extended a qualifying offer to center Tom Wandell.
Edmonton Oilers: Extended qualifying offers to goaltender Devan Dubnyk, defensemen Theo Peckham, Jeff Petry and Alex Plante, centers Sam Gagner and Chris VandeVelde, and left wing Linus Omark.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Extended qualifying offers goaltender Jaroslav Janus, and defensemen Brendan Mikkelson, Brian Lee, Keith Aulie and Evan Oberg; renewed an affiliation agreement with Florida of the ECHL.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Colin Fraser to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Stephane Veilleux to a one-year contract; extended qualifying offers to goaltender Dennis Endras, defensemen Justin Falk and Chay Genoway, centers Cody Almond and David McIntyre, and right wings Carson McMillan, Jarod Palmer and Nick Palmieri.
Montreal Canadiens: Extended qualifying offers to defensemen P.K. Subban, Raphael Diaz, Alexei Emelin, Brendon Nash and Frederic Saint-Denis, centers Lars Eller, Ryan White and Andreas Engqvist, right wing Aaron Palushaj, and left wing Blake Geoffrion.
New Jersey Devils: Extended qualifying offers to defensemen Matt Corrente and Mark Fayne, and right wing Vladimir Zharkov.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed goaltender Ondrej Pavelec to a five-year contract.

Jun 23, 2012
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Matt Duchene to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 183rd overall, Stars selected Dmitry Sinitsyn) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a seventh-round pick (191st overall, Kings selected Dominik Kubalik) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a seventh-round pick (194th overall, Panthers selected Jonatan Nielsen) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft for a seventh-round pick (182nd overall, Stars selected Aleksi Makela) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired a third-round pick (89th overall, Predators selected Brendan Leipsic) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for a third-round pick (65th overall, Rangers selected Adam Tambellini) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired a fifth-round pick (142nd overall, Rangers selected Thomas Spelling) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft for a fifth-round pick (140th overall, Predators selected Teemu Kivihalme) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a fourth-round pick (109th overall, Sharks selected Christophe Lalancette) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 191st overall, Blackhawks selected Brandon Whitney) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (later traded back to Chicago after being re-acquired by San Jose) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Benoit Pouliot from the Boston Bruins for right wing Michel Ouellet and a fifth-round pick (131st overall, Bruins selected Seth Griffith) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing James van Riemsdyk from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Luke Schenn.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired goaltender Jonas Gustavsson from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 22, 2012
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired a first-round pick (14th overall, Sabres selected Zemgus Girgensons) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft for first- and second-round picks (the first one previously acquired from Nashville; 21st and 42nd overall, Flames selected Mark Jankowski and Patrick Sieloff) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Jordan Staal from the Carolina Hurricanes for center Brandon Sutter, defenseman Brian Dumoulin and a first-round pick (8th overall, Penguins selected Derrick Pouliot) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky from the Philadelphia Flyers for second- (previously acquired from Ottawa via Phoenix; 45th overall, Flyers selected Anthony Stolarz) and fourth-round (previously acquired from Vancouver; 117th overall, Flyers selected Taylor Leier) picks in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix, later traded to Los Angeles) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Damien Brunner.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Jarret Stoll to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Chad Rau to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Lubomir Visnovsky from the Anaheim Ducks for a second-round pick (45th overall, Ducks selected Nick Sorensen) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Zbynek Michalek from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Harrison Ruopp, goaltender Marc Cheverie and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 81st overall, Penguins selected Oskar Sundqvist) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Mike Ribeiro from the Dallas Stars for center Cody Eakin and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Boston via Toronto and Colorado; 54th overall, Stars selected Mike Winther) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 21, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Announced a multi-year affiliation agreement with Norfolk of the AHL.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Chris Mueller and right wing Brandon Yip to one-year contracts.

Jun 20, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Craig Hartsburg associate coach; named Keith Acton assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of left wing Ethan Moreau; extended qualifying offers to left wings Dwight King and David Meckler, center Justin Azevedo, defensemen Andrew Campbell, Thomas Hickey and Jake Muzzin, and right wing Stefan Legein.

Jun 19, 2012
Dallas Stars: Extended qualifying offers to left wing Jamie Benn and defenseman Philip Larsen.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Darren Helm to a four-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Lennart Petrell to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Josh Harding to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Named Dean Evason head coach of Milwaukee of the AHL.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Erik Karlsson to a seven-year contract.

Jun 18, 2012
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Brandon Bollig and right wing Ben Smith to two-year contracts; signed goaltender Carter Hutton to a one-year contract; released goaltender Alexander Salak.
Dallas Stars: Named Curt Fraser assistant coach; extended qualifying offers to goaltender Richard Bachman, defensemen Jordie Benn and Mark Fistric, center Ryan Garbutt, left wing Luke Gazdic and right wing Colton Sceviour.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Magnus Hellberg.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Barret Jackman to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Mike Angelidis to a one-year contract.

Jun 17, 2012
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Joel Armia to a three-year contract.

Jun 15, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Max Friberg to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced an affiliation agreement with Evansville of the ECHL.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Emil Molin to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Marc-Andre Cliche and left wing Rich Clune to two-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Clement Jodoin and Gerard Gallant assistant coaches.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Jesse Joensuu to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Named Brad Shaw, Gary Agnew and Ray Bennett assistant coaches.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Anders Lindback, center Kyle Wilson and a seventh-round pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft (202nd overall, Lightning selected Nikita Gusev) from the Nashville Predators for goaltender Sebastien Caron, two second-round picks (previously acquired from Minnesota via San Jose and Philadelphia; 37th and 50th overall, Predators selected Pontus Aberg and Colton Sissons) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (64th overall, Predators selected Jonathan-Ismael Diaby) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed right wings Adam Hall and JT Wyman to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Joe Cannata.

Jun 14, 2012
Calgary Flames: Named Martin Gelinas assistant coach.
Colorado Avalanche: Named David Quinn assistant coach.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Jyrki Jokipakka to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Jason DeSantis to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Steve Quailer to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Chris Stewart to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Riku Helenius to a two-year contract; announced a multi-year affiliation agreement with Syracuse of the AHL.
Winnipeg Jets: Named Perry Pearn assistant coach; signed assistant coaches Charlie Huddy, Pascal Vincent, Wade Flaherty and Tony Borgford to contract extensions.

Jun 13, 2012
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Francis Wathier to a two-year contract; named Willie Desjardins head coach of Texas of the AHL.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Sylvain Lefebvre head coach of Hamilton of the AHL; named Martin Lapointe director of player development and Patrice Brisebois player development coach.
St. Louis Blues: Named Dave Allison head coach of Peoria of the AHL.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed center Jim Slater.

Jun 12, 2012
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Oscar Klefbom to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of center Ian Laperriere.
St. Louis Blues: Declined to exercise their option on head coach Jared Bednar of Peoria of the AHL.

Jun 11, 2012
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center Chris Kelly to a four-year contract; re-signed center Gregory Campbell to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Craig MacTavish senior vice president of hockey operations.
New York Islanders: Signed center Johan Sundstrom to a three-year contract.

Jun 10, 2012
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Brad Stuart from the Detroit Red Wings for center Andrew Murray and a conditional seventh-round pick (if San Jose re-signs Stuart for the 2012�13 season; 201st overall, Red Wings selected Alexander Kadeikin) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 7, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed left wing Patrick Maroon to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Released associate coach Craig Hartsburg.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender John Muse to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing David Jones to a four-year contract; re-signed defenseman Matt Hunwick to a two-year contract.

Jun 6, 2012
Edmonton Oilers: Signed general manager Steve Tambellini to a contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed executive vice president and general manager Dale Tallon to a multi-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Released assistant coaches Randy Cunneyworth and Randy Ladouceur.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Jean-Gabriel Pageau to a three-year contract.

Jun 5, 2012
Calgary Flames: Named Jacques Cloutier associate coach.
Carolina Hurricanes: Promoted Ron Francis to vice president of hockey operations; promoted Jason Karmanos to executive vice president and assistant general manager; named Rod Brind'Amour assistant coach; extended the contracts of assistant coach Dave Lewis and director of defensemen development Glen Wesley.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Chris Clark development coach.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Christopher Nihlstorp to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Michel Therrien head coach.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Patrick Cehlin to a three-year contract.

Jun 4, 2012
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Cody McLeod to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired goaltender Tomas Vokoun from the Washington Capitals for a seventh-round pick (203rd overall, Capitals selected Sergei Kostenko) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed Vokoun to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed Dallas Eakins, head coach of Toronto of the AHL, to a three-year contract.

Jun 2, 2012
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Vladimir Tarasenko to a three-year contract.

Jun 1, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Ryan Lasch to a two-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed left wing Daniel Paille to a three-year contract; re-signed left wing Chris Bourque to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Brody Sutter to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Adam Clendening to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Daniel Bang to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Blair Riley to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Oscar Lindberg.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Dominik Uher to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Ty Rattie to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Tim Heed to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Named Bob Hartley head coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Derek MacKenzie to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of defenseman Niklas Lidstrom.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Brandon Davidson to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Johan Gustafsson to a three-year contract.

May 30, 2012
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Calle Jarnkrok to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Nathan Beaulieu to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Joonas Jarvinen to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Marek Hrivik.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Alex Friesen.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Dany Sabourin to a one-year contract.

May 29, 2012
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Niklas Svedberg to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Jamal Mayers to a one-year contract extension; signed defenseman Johnny Oduya to a three-year contract extension; signed center Joakin Nordstrom, defenseman Klas Dahlbeck, and goaltenders Mac Carruth and Kent Simpson to three-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Teemu Pulkkinen to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing John Persson to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Phil Lane to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Jesper Fast.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Jordan Binnington.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Leo Komarov to a one-year contract.

May 28, 2012
Montreal Canadiens: Named Scott Mellanby director of player personnel.

May 26, 2012
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Zach Hamill from the Boston Bruins for left wing Chris Bourque.

May 25, 2012
Montreal Canadiens: Named Rick Dudley assistant general manager.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wings Jakub Culek and Darren Kramer to three-year contracts.

May 24, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Ryan Russell.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Petter Granberg to a three-year contract.

May 23, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Derek Dorsett.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Mikael Granlund to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Announced that assistant coach Scott Mellanby will not return to the coaching staff.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed head coach Alain Vigneault to a contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Extended their affiliation agreement with the Hershey Bears of the AHL through the 2013-14 season.

May 22, 2012
Philadelphia Flyers: Relieved Joe Paterson as head coach of the Philadelphia Phantoms of the AHL.

May 21, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Viktor Fasth to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Alexander Sulzer to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Jamie McBain and left wing Nicolas Blanchard to two-year contracts; re-signed defenseman Bobby Sanguinetti to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Derek Mathers and left wing Andrew Johnston.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Jani Hakanpaa.

May 19, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Austin Madaisky to a three-year contract.

May 18, 2012
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Milan Hejduk to a one-year contract.

May 15, 2012
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Rob Flick to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Reid McNeill to a three-year contract.

May 11, 2012
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltenders Sami Aittokallio, Kieran Millan and Kent Patterson.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Pat Cannone to a two-year contract.

May 10, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed head coach Bruce Boudreau to a two-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Clayton Stoner to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Fredrik Claesson to a three-year contract.

May 9, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Saku Koivu to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Relieved assistant coach Mike Haviland of his duties.

May 4, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing John Mitchell to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Peter Regin to a one-year contract.

May 2, 2012
Calgary Flames: Signed center Roman Cervenka.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Marc Bergevin general manager.

May 1, 2012
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Kristians Pelss to a three-year contract.

Apr 30, 2012
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Mark Louis to a one-year contract.

Apr 28, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Michael Chaput to a three-year contract.

Apr 26, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Nick Drazenovic.

Apr 24, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Jiri Tlusty to a two-year contract.

Apr 23, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Beau Schmitz to a three-year contract.

Apr 20, 2012
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Dylan Demelo.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Paul Karpowich to a two-year contract.

Apr 16, 2012
New York Islanders: Announced that assistant coaches Scott Allen and Dean Chynoweth will not return for the 2012-13 season.

Apr 13, 2012
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Peter LeBlanc to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Beau Bennett to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Konrad Abeltshauser.

Apr 12, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Jake Hansen to a two-year contract.

Apr 11, 2012
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Paul Carey to a two-year contract; extended the contract of head coach Joe Sacco through the 2013-14 season.

Apr 10, 2012
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Tommy Cross.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Brian Dumoulin to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Chris Kreider.

Apr 9, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Cody Bass to a one-year contract.

Apr 7, 2012
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Ray Emery to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 6, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Jeremy Welsh to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Will Weber to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Ben Bloo to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Nicklas Grossmann to a multi-year contract extension.

Apr 5, 2012
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Riley Sheahan to a three-year contract.

Apr 4, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Chris Wagner to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Dan Catenacci to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Connor Knapp to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Brock Nelson.

Apr 2, 2012
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Matej Stransky to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defensemen Matt Mangene and Matt Konan.

Mar 31, 2012
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Sam Carrick to a three-year contract.

Mar 30, 2012
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Travis Oleksuk.

Mar 29, 2012
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Brian Flynn to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Brady Lamb to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Sean Collins to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Fired general manager Pierre Gauthier.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Anthony Bitetto to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender John Grahame to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Chris Brown and goaltender Mike Lee to three-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Matt Tennyson.

Mar 28, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Boone Jenner to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Shawn Hunwick.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Greg Pateryn to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Chris Wideman to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing J.T. Brown to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Spencer Abbott to a one-year contract.

Mar 27, 2012
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Alex Chiasson to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Jason Zucker to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Adam Cracknell to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Cameron Schilling to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Will O'Neill.

Mar 26, 2012
New York Rangers: Signed center Andrew Yogan.

Mar 25, 2012
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Justin Florek and defensemen Zach Trotman and Torey Krug.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Reilly Smith to a three-year contract.

Mar 23, 2012
Nashville Predators: Signed center Joonas Rask to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Scott Arnold to a two-year contract.

Mar 21, 2012
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Austin Smith to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Evgeni Nabokov to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Joe Cannata.

Mar 20, 2012
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing David Eddy to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Yury Alexandrov from the Boston Bruins for future considerations.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Brad Ross to a three-year contract.

Mar 19, 2012
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Phil Varone to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Terry Broadhurst to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Tyler Bunz to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Scott Wedgewood.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Sebastien Caron to a one-year contract.

Mar 16, 2012
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Shawn Thornton to a two-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Austin Levi to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Julian Melchiori to a three-year contract.

Mar 15, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender John Gibson to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Adam Morrison.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Brian O'Neill to a one-year contract.

Mar 14, 2012
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Sebastian Stalberg to a two-year contract.

Mar 13, 2012
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Vladislav Namestnikov to a three-year contract.

Mar 12, 2012
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Daniel Carcillo to a two-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Jaden Schwartz.

Mar 10, 2012
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Jack MacLellan to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Mike Halmo.

Mar 7, 2012
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Patrick Holland to a three-year contract.

Mar 5, 2012
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Marty Turco to a one-year contract.

Mar 4, 2012
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Dave Farrish assistant coach; assigned assistant coach Rob Zettler to a another position in the organization.

Mar 2, 2012
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Brendan Shinnimin.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Danick Gauthier to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Fired head coach Ron Wilson; named Randy Carlyle head coach.

Mar 1, 2012
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Morgan Ellis to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Adam Payerl to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Cory Conacher to a two-year contract.

Feb 27, 2012
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Greg Zanon from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman Steven Kampfer; acquired left wing Brian Rolston and defenseman Mike Mottau from the New York Islanders for right wing Yannick Riendeau and defenseman Marc Cantin.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired center Cody Hodgson and defenseman Alexander Sulzer from the Vancouver Canucks for right wing Zack Kassian and defenseman Marc-Andre Gragnani.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed right wing Tim Jackman to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Johnny Oduya from the Winnipeg Jets for second- (later traded to Washington) and third-round (91st overall, Jets selected J.C. Lipon) picks in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Nick Schultz from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman Tom Gilbert.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed right wing Brad Staubitz off re-entry waivers from the Minnesota Wild.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Paul Gaustad and a fourth-round pick (99th overall, Predators selected Juuse Saros) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for a first-round pick (later traded to Calgary) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Andrei Kostitsyn from the Montreal Canadiens for a second-round pick (34th overall, Canadiens selected Jacob de la Rose) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman John Scott from the Chicago Blackhawks for fifth-round pick (149th overall, Blackhawks selected Travis Brown) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired centers Daniel Winnik and T.J. Galiardi and a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim, 207th overall, Sharks selected Emil Galimov) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for left wing Jamie McGinn and centers Mike Connolly and Michael Sgarbossa. 
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Brian Lee from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Matt Gilroy; acquired defenseman Mike Commodore from the Detroit Red Wings for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Carter Ashton from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Keith Aulie; acquired defenseman Mark Fraser from the Anaheim Ducks for right wing Dale Mitchell.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Sami Pahlsson from the Columbus Blue Jackets for two fourth-round picks (one previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 95th overall, Blue Jackets selected Josh Anderson, one later traded to Philadelphia) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Andrew Gordon from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Sebastian Erixon.
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed defenseman Grant Clitsome off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.

Feb 26, 2012
Ottawa Senators: Acquired goaltender Ben Bishop from the St. Louis Blues for a second-round pick (47th overall, Blues selected Tommy Vannelli) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 25, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed center Darryl Boyce off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Wojtek Wolski from the New York Rangers for defenseman Michael Vernace and a third-round pick (later traded to Phoenix via San Jose) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 24, 2012
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Carter Hutton to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Ales Hemsky to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Jerred Smithson from the Nashville Predators for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas; 164th overall, Predators selected Simon Fernholm) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Willie Mitchell to a multi-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Marek Zidlicky from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman Kurtis Foster, right wing Nick Palmieri, left wing Stephane Veilleux, a second-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 46th overall, Wild selected Raphael Bussieres) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional (if New Jersey reaches the 2012 Eastern Conference finals and Zidlicky plays in 75 percent of New Jersey's game in the first two rounds) third-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 23, 2012
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Jeff Carter from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Jack Johnson and a first-round pick (27th overall, Blue Jackets selected Marko Dano) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. 
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed left wing Tim Wallace off waivers from the New York Islanders.

Feb 22, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Tuomu Ruutu to a four-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Todd Bertuzzi to a two-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Antoine Vermette from the Columbus Blue Jackets for goaltender Curtis McElhinney, a second-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa, later traded to Philadelphia) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional fifth-round pick (a fourth-round pick if Phoenix wins a playoff round; later traded to Los Angeles via Philadelphia) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 21, 2012
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Matt Fornataro from the Tampa Bay Lightning for right wing Brandon Segal.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired right wing Steve Downie from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Kyle Quincey.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Kyle Quincey from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Sebastien Piche and a first-round pick (19th overall, Lightning selected Andrei Vasilevski) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 19, 2012
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Kyle Brodziak to a three-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing James Neal to a six-year contract extension.

Feb 18, 2012
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Pavel Kubina from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Jon Kalinski, a conditional second-round pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft (previously acquired from Florida; 53rd overall, Lightning selected Brian Hart) and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Ottawa) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 17, 2012
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Hal Gill and a conditional fifth-round pick (later traded back to Montreal) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for left wings Blake Geoffrion and Robert Slaney and a second-round pick (51st overall, Canadiens selected Dalton Thrower) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 16, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Ryan O'Marra from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Bryan Rodney.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Nicklas Grossman from the Dallas Stars for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles; 61st overall, Stars selected Devin Shore) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota, later traded to Pittsburgh) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Dominic Moore and a seventh-round pick (later traded to Chicago) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota, later traded to Nashville) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 15, 2012
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Bryan McCabe.

Feb 14, 2012
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Johnny Boychuk to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 13, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Riley Holzapfel from the Winnipeg Jets for center Maxime Macenauer.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Andy Sutton to a one-year contract extension; announced the retirement of center Mike Comrie.

Feb 7, 2012
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Derek Smith.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Vinny Prospal to a one-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed center Frans Nielsen to a four-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of right wing Owen Nolan.

Feb 6, 2012
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Nate Prosser to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 3, 2012
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Erik Christensen and a conditional seventh-round pick (if Christensen does not re-sign with Minnesota for the 2012-13 NHL season; 200th overall, Wild selected Alexandre Belanger) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for center Casey Wellman. 
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Joe Vitale to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 2, 2012
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Danny Richmond from the Washington Capitals for center Mike Carman.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Kevin Marshall from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Matt Ford.

Feb 1, 2012
Calgary Flames: Signed center Krys Kolanos to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed center Cal O'Reilly off re-entry waivers from the Phoenix Coyotes.

Jan 30, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Tom Gleason to a four-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Steve Bernier, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired defenseman John Negrin from the Calgary Flames for right wing Akim Aliu.

Jan 27, 2012
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Brendan Morrison from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Brian Connelly.

Jan 26, 2012
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Tim Kennedy from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Sean Sullivan.

Jan 25, 2012
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman John-Michael Liles to a four-year contract extension.

Jan 23, 2012
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Alex Goligoski to a four-year contract extension.

Jan 21, 2012
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Don Waddell professional scout.

Jan 20, 2012
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Francois Beauchemin to a three-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Alexei Ponikarovsky from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Joe Sova and a fourth-round pick (120th overall, Hurricanes selected Jaccob Slavin) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 19, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Brett Lebda to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Claimed right wing Brandon Yip off waivers from the Colorado Avalanche.

Jan 18, 2012
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Evgenii Dadonov and left wing A.J. Jenks from the Florida Panthers for center Jon Matsumoto and left wing Mattias Lindstrom.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Brian Elliott to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 14, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed left wing Colton Gillies off waivers from the Minnesota Wild.

Jan 13, 2012
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Angelo Esposito from the Florida Panthers for left wing Ondrej Roman.

Jan 12, 2012
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Michael Cammalleri, goaltender Karri Ramo and a fifth-round pick (124th overall, Canadiens selected Ryan Culkin) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Rene Bourque, right wing Patrick Holland and a second-round pick (36th overall, Canadiens selected Zach Fucale) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 10, 2012
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Corey Potter to a two-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed center Gilbert Brule off re-entry waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.

Jan 9, 2012
Columbus Blue Jackets: Fired head coach Scott Arniel, named Todd Richards interim head coach.
St. Louis Blues: Signed Ryan Reaves to a a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Tom Pyatt to a two-year contract.

Jan 6, 2012
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Brendan Mikkelson from the Calgary Flames for center Blair Jones.

Jan 4, 2012
Florida Panthers: Signed center John Madden, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.

Jan 3, 2012
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Andrew Shaw to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Released goaltender David McKee.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Nicolas Deschamps from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing Luca Caputi.

Jan 2, 2012
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Mark McNeill and left wing Phillip Danault to three-year contracts.

Jan 1, 2012
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Josh Gorges to a six-year contract extension.
