Dec 31, 2000 
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of right wing Stefan Cherneski.

Dec 30, 2000 
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Mike Comrie to a three-year contract.

Dec 28, 2000 
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired center Igor Larionov from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Yan Golubovsky.
Florida Panthers: Fired general manager Bryan Murray and coach Terry Murray; named Bill Torrey general manager and Duane Sutter coach.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Alexei Gusarov from the Colorado Avalanche for a fifth-round pick (143rd overall, Avalanche selected Frantisk Skladany) in the 2001 NHL Entry draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Marc Bergevin from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Dan Trebil.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Mike Stapleton from the New York Islanders for a ninth-round pick (later traded to Washington; 275th overall) in the 2001 draft.

Dec 19, 2000
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced an affiliation agreement with Lowell of the AHL beginning in the 2001-02 season.

Dec 18, 2000
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Chad Kilger from the Edmonton Oilers for center Sergei Zholtok.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Eric Boguniecki from the Florida Panthers for left wing Andrej Podkonicky.

Dec 14, 2000 
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Fired head coach Craig Hartsburg; promoted assistant Guy Charron to coach.

Dec 13, 2000 
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Steve Konowalchuk to a four-year contract.

Dec 11, 2000
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Dmitri Khristich from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 65th overall, Maple Leafs selected Brendan Bell) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 10, 2000
Philadelphia Flyers: Fired head coach Craig Ramsay; named Bill Barber head coach.

Dec 7, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Mike Crowley to a one-year contract with a club option.
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of defenseman Steve Smith.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Gino Odjick from the Philadelphia Flyers for left wing P.J. Stock and a sixth-round pick (172nd overall, Flyers selected Dennis Seidenberg) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Jani Hurme to a multi-year contract extension.

Dec 6, 2000
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Rene Vydareny.

Dec 5, 2000
Boston Bruins: Waived defenseman Paul Coffey.
Los Angeles Kings: Released left wing Tomas Vlasak.

Dec 3, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of left wing Kris King.

Dec 2, 2000
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Claude Lemieux, who had been the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.

Nov 30, 2000
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Mike Peluso from the Washington Capitals for left wing Derek Bekar.

Nov 29, 2000
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Derek Morris.

Nov 27, 2000
Montreal Canadiens: Named Rick Green assistant coach.

Nov 24, 2000
Montreal Canadiens: Named Rejean Houle special ambassador.

Nov 21, 2000
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of right wing Keith Jones.

Nov 20, 2000
Montreal Canadiens: Fired coach Alain Vigneault and general manager Rejean Houle. Named Michel Therrien coach and Andre Savard general manager. Named Guy Carbonneau assistant coach and Martin Madden assistant general manager.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Scott Niedermayer and center Jason Arnott to multi-year contracts.

Nov 18, 2000
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Patrick Traverse and left wing Andrei Nazarov from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for center Samuel Pahlsson.

Nov 15, 2000
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Bill Guerin and a first-round pick (19th overall, Bruins selected Shaone Morrisonn) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for right wing Anson Carter and first- and second-round picks (13th and 43rd overall, Oilers selected Ales Hemsky and Doug Lynch) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 14, 2000
Boston Bruins: Claimed goaltender Peter Skudra off waivers from the Buffalo Sabres.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Dan Trebil from the New York Islanders for a ninth-round pick (280th overall, Islanders selected Roman Kukhtinov) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 10, 2000
Calgary Flames: Claimed defenseman Igor Kravchuk off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Jamie Rivers to a multi-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Martin Hlinka.

Nov 9, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired goaltender Jean-Francois Labbe from the New York Rangers for defenseman Bert Robertsson.

Nov 7, 2000
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed goaltender Martin Biron.

Nov 6, 2000 
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Dan Jancevski to a three-year contract. 
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Greg Adams to a one-year contract; acquired defenseman Anders Eriksson from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Jaroslav Spacek.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Geordie Kinnear from the Atlanta Thrashers for future considerations. 

Nov 4, 2000 
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Bobby Dollas.

Nov 3, 2000 
Boston Bruins: Signed center/right wing Dixon Ward to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed defenseman Maxim Galanov off waivers from the Florida Panthers.

November 2, 2000 
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Tommy Salo to a three-year contract extension. 
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Darcy Tucker to a contract extension; named Wendel Clark community representative.

Nov 1, 2000 
Boston Bruins: Announced Harry Sinden relinquished his duties as general manager; named Mike O'Connell general manager and promoted Jeff Gorton to assistant general manager.
Chicago Blackhawks: Waived forward Josef Marha.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Corey Hirsch.

Oct 29, 2000
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Gerald Diduck from the Toronto Maple Leafs for future considerations.

Oct 27, 2000
Colorado Avalanche: Named Jim Hammett chief scout. 

Oct 26, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Bill Lesuk director of amateur scouting.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Chris Pronger to a three-year contract extension. 

Oct 25, 2000
Boston Bruins: Fired coach Pat Burns; named Mike Keenan coach.
Chicago Blackhawks: Fired assistant coach Don Jackson; named Al MacAdam assistant coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed defenseman Craig Millar off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Oct 24, 2000
Ottawa Senators: Agreed to exercise the option for a third season of affiliation with Grand Rapids of the IHL.

Oct 23, 2000
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Chris Simon to a two-year contract.

Oct 20, 2000
St. Louis Blues: Signed forward Justin Papineau; re-signed forwards Derek Bekar and Reed Low to multi-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Trent Klatt to a two-year contract extension.

Oct 18, 2000
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Jozef Stumpel to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed coach Jacques Martin to a multi-year contract.

Oct 16, 2000
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Paul Laus to a three-year contract extension.

Oct 13, 2000
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Trevor Letowski to a one-year contract.

Oct 12, 2000
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Owen Nolan to a five-year contract.

Oct 10, 2000
Buffalo Sabres: Waived defenseman Jason Holland.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of right wing Joe Kocur to become the team's video coordinator.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Garth Snow.
Washington Capitals: Signed general manager George McPhee and coach Ron Wilson to contract extensions.

Oct 9, 2000
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Marc Savard to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Kris King.

Oct 7, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Steve Maltais to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Maxim Galanov.

Oct 6, 2000
Buffalo Sabres: Claimed goaltender Peter Skudra off waivers from the Boston Bruins.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Micki Dupont.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed goaltender Steve Shields and right wing Todd Harvey.

Oct 5, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed defenseman Stephane Quintal off waivers from the New York Rangers.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Marty Turco to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed coach Alain Vigneault to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Michal Grosek and defenseman Brad Brown from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.

Oct 4, 2000
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Mike Mottau.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Brad Ralph to a three-year contract.

Oct 3, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wing Darcy Hordichuk.
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Peter Skudra to a one-year contract; signed left wing Ivan Huml to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Claimed left wing Dwayne Hay off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Chicago Blackhawks: Released left wing Kris King.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Jose Theodore to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Released defenseman Rudy Poeschek and center Ron Sutter.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Sergei Gonchar to a four-year contract.

Oct 2, 2000
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Kristian Kudroc to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Bryan McCabe from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Alexander Karpovtsev and a fourth-round pick (115th overall, Blackhawks selected Vladimir Gusev) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 1, 2000
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Andreas Dackell to a two-year contract.

Sep 29, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed right wing Jeff Odgers off waivers from the Minnesota Wild.

Sep 28, 2000
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Jakub Cutta to a three-year contract.

Sep 27, 2000
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Adam Foote to a multi-year contract extension.

Sep 26, 2000
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Jordan Leopold from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for left wing Andrei Nazarov and a second-round pick (later traded back to Calgary via Phoenix; 41st overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center Joe Thornton and left wing Sergei Samsonov to three-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Kris Draper to a four-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Chris McAllister from the Toronto Maple Leafs for defenseman Regan Kelly.

Sep 25, 2000
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Jeremy Stevenson; acquired defenseman Alexei Vasiliev from the New York Rangers for future considerations.

Sep 24, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Tyler Sloan to a multi-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Vyacheslav Kozlov to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Aubin. Signed center Kip Miller.

Sep 23, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Released defenseman Jeff Ware.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Ryan Smyth to a three-year contract.

Sep 22, 2000
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Nick Schultz to a multi-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of right wing Ron Stern.

Sep 21, 2000
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Jason Jaspers to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Marco Sturm to a two-year contract and center Patrick Marleau to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Sheldon Keefe to a three-year contract.

Sep 20, 2000
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing Peter Worrell to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of right wing Trent McCleary; signed defenseman Craig Rivet to a two-year contract.

Sep 19, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Released goaltender James Jensen and defenseman Justin Harney; named Neil Smith consultant.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Rich Parent.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed goaltender Evgeni Nabokov.
St. Louis Blues: Signed coach Joel Quenneville to a three-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Donald Brashear.

Sep 18, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Released defenseman Jason Hamilton.
Phoenix Coyotes: Released left wing Mel Angelstad and forward Wesley Scanzano.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Released defenseman Dan Keczmer.

Sep 17, 2000
Dallas Stars: Released left wing Kurt MacSweyn and defenseman Ryan O'Keefe.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Darryl Shannon to a one-year contract.

September 16, 2000
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Chris Drury to a multi-year contract.

Sep 15, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Oleg Tverdovsky to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Released goaltender Ryan Aschaber and forwards Colton Orr and Chris Pittman.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Nathan Perrott.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Released left wings Robb Palahnuk and Ben Keup and right wing Jeff Mitchell.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Jan Bulis to a three-year contract.

Sep 13, 2000
Calgary Flames: Released goaltender Brad Guzda.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Garry Galley, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Maxime Ouellet to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Released left wing Tony Iob and right wing Sean O'Brien.

Sep 12, 2000
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Michal Handzus and right wing Lubos Bartecko.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Released defenseman Ryan Shannon and left wing Ben Ondrus.

Sep 11, 2000
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Levente Szuper.

Sep 10, 2000
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Paul Kruse.

Sep 9, 2000
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Sean Burke to a one-year contract.

Sep 8, 2000
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed forwards Erik Rasmussen and Denis Hamel and defenseman Jason Holland.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Georges Laraque to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Waived defensemen Kyle Dafoe and Philippe Roy.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Roman Hamrlik to a four-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defensemen Dale Purinton and Drew Bannister.

Sep 7, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Jack Ferreira director of player personnel, signed defenseman Andrei Skopintsev and right wing Herbert Vasiljevs.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Vladimir Tsyplakov to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jason Woolley to a multi-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Doug Weight to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed forward Johan Witehall.

Sep 6, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Petr Buzek.
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of goaltender Grant Fuhr and named him goaltending consultant.
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced an affiliation agreement with Jackson of the ECHL.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Milan Hejduk to a multi-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Rem Murray to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Martin Rucinksy to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed assistant general manager Jay Feaster to a contract extension through the 2002-03 season.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Johan Davidsson.

Sep 5, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed center Matt Cullen to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed Shawn Horcoff to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Dody Wood.

Sep 4, 2000
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Sheldon Souray to a two-year contract.

Sept 2, 2000
Colorado Avalanche: Signed head coach Bob Hartley to a one-year contract extension through the 2001-02 season.

Sep 1, 2000
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defensemen Matthieu Descoteaux and Stephane Robidas.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Jason Dawe.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Richard Lintner.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Christian Gosselin; signed left wing Larry Courville.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Brendan Morrison.

Aug 31, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Marc Denis to a multi-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Alain Nasreddine and right wing Paul Healey.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defensemen Eric Charron and Lawrence Nycholat.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed goaltender Brian Boucher to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defensemen Joel Bouchard and Dave MacIntyre.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Pavel Kubina to a two-year contract.

Aug 30, 2000
New York Rangers: Signed center Derek Armstrong.

Aug 29, 2000
Calgary Flames: Signed forward Niklas Andersson.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Kelly Fairchild, who had been with the Dallas Stars and center Joel Prpic, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed forward Trent McCleary to a one-year contract.

Aug 28, 2000
Calgary Flames: Re-signed forwards Chris Clark and Clarke Wilm; named Ron Wilson assistant coach at Saint John of the AHL.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Brian Regan.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defensemen Mark Moore and Trent Cull.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Wayne Primeau to a one-year contract.

Aug 25, 2000
Boston Bruins: Re-signed left wing Joe Hulbig to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Martin Brochu, who had been with the Washington Capitals; named Jamie Hislop development coach and Les Jarvis assistant equipment manager.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Steve Dubinsky, who had been with the Calgary Flames.
Minnesota Wild: Named Jock Callander assistant coach at Cleveland of the IHL; announced an affiliation agreement with Jackson of the ECHL.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Branislav Mezei, their first-round pick in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Stephane Richer, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.

Aug 24, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defensemen Kevin Dahl and Mike Gaul and left wing Mike Maneluk.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Ethan Moreau to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Josef Beranek.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Reid Simpson, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Aug 23, 2000
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman James Patrick to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Boyd Devereaux, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed centers Ryan Lauxon and Brent Gauvreau.
St. Louis Blues: Named Don Granato head coach at Worcester of the AHL.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Felix Potvin.

Aug 22, 2000
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Jim Campbell, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Kurt Kleinendorst assistant coach.

Aug 21, 2000
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Mike Rucinski to a two-year contract; signed left wing Jeff Daniels, center Reg Berg, defensemen Harlan Pratt and Jeremiah McCarthy, and goaltender Bujar Amidovski.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Marc Moro.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Radoslav Suchy to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Bryan Helmer, who had been with the St. Louis Blues; signed right wing Sean Tallaire.

Aug 18, 2000
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Jason Elliott and forwards B.J. Young and Toivu Suursoo.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Mike Grier to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Toby Petersen.

Aug 17, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Kent McDonell from the Detroit Red Wings for a sixth-round pick (170th overall, Red Wings selected Andreas Sundin) in the 2003 NHL entry draft. Signed left wing Jody Shelley, defensemen Rick Gorman and Tim O'Connell and forwards Robert Ek.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Ted Donato, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defensemen Bryan Muir and Kaspars Astashenko to one-year contracts.

Aug 16, 2000
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Lubomir Sekeras.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Eric Healey to a one-year contract; announced the resignation of assistant coach Wayne Fleming.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Alexei Morozov.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Dave Manson, who had been with the Dallas Stars.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Ken Klee to a three-year contract.

Aug 15, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Ben Simon.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Adam Deadmarsh to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Sean Brown to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Brantt Myhres, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Craig Mills and center Sergei Kuznetsov.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Jim Montgomery, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Ryan Johnson to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed goaltender Glenn Healy to a two-year contract.

Aug 14, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Aaron Downey, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Joe Sakic to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Bryan Smolinski to a one-year contract. Announced an affiliation agreement with Manchester of the AHL.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Michel Picard, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Greg Andrusak, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Scott Lachance, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.

Aug 13, 2000
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Mathieu Schneider, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets.

Aug 12, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed right wing Ladislav Kohn to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Jason Smith to a two-year contract.

Aug 11, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Steve Guolla and defenseman Yannick Tremblay.
Calgary Flames: Named Greg Gilbert assistant coach.
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing David Ling from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed forwards Peter LeBoutillier and Nate Miller.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Ryan Kraft and defenseman Dave MacIsaac.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Danny Markov to a multi-year contract.

Aug 10, 2000
Calgary Flames: Named Jim Playfair coach at Saint John of the AHL.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Claude Julien coach at Hamilton of the AHL.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Jason York to a one-year contract; signed left wing Derek King, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Dennis Bonvie, named Randy Hilier assistant coach.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Niklas Sundstrom, signed defenseman Steve Bancroft and left wing Jarrett Deuling.

Aug 9, 2000
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of vice president of community relations Lanny McDonald.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Tyler Moss, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing Ray Whitney to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Philippe Audet and defenseman Dan Focht.

Aug 8, 2000
Calgary Flames: Named Brad McCrimmon assistant coach.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Jere Lehtinen to a four-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Todd Marchant to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Craig Darby; signed forward Xavier Delisle, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Aug 7, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Patrick Traverse to a one-year contract.

Aug 4, 2000
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center/right wing Rob DiMaio and left wing Darren Langdon from the New York Rangers for right wing Sandy McCarthy and a fourth-round pick (113th overall, Hurricanes selected Bryce Lampman) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Martin Gelinas to a two-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed forwards Mike Souza and Nathan Perrott.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Chris Mizer athletic trainer and Mark Casterline strength and conditioning coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Paul Henry and Blair Reid scouts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Keith Acton assistant coach.

Aug 3, 2000
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Jason Wiemer and forward Miiko Elomo; signed forward Jason Botterill.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Bill Bowler, left wing Sean Selmser and defenseman Andrei Sryubko.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defensemen Yan Golubovsky and Maxim Kuznetsov and center Marc Rodgers.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defensemen Dan Boyle and Joey Tetarenko and forwards Eric Boguniecki, Dave Duerden, Rocky Thompson and Paul Brousseau to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Guy Carbonneau supervisor of prospect development.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Mike Watt.
Pittsburgh Penguins; Re-signed right wing Matthew Barnaby and left wing Rene Corbet.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Andrei Zyuzin to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Michal Sivek to a three-year contract.

Aug 2, 2000
Boston Bruins: Re-signed centers Shawn Bates and Andre Savage, left wing Mikko Eloranta, right wings Cameron Mann and Eric Nickulas and defenseman Elias Abrahamsson to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Dan Hinote, left wing Ville Nieminen, defensemen Dan Smith and Brian White and goaltender Frederic Cassivi; signed right wing Mike Craig, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Ian Laperriere to a multi-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing David Oliver, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Brent Johnson and forward Reed Low.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Rob Zettler to a one-year contract.

Aug 1, 2000
Calgary Flames: Named Don Hay coach.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Bates Battaglia, right wing Sandy McCathy and defenseman Steve Halko; signed centers Byron Ritchie and Greg Koehler, right wing Shane Willis, left wing Brian Felsner and defenseman Jon Rohloff.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing David Emma and defenseman Michel Periard.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Phillipe Boucher and centers Jason Podollan and Eric Belanger to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Named Todd McLellan coach at Cleveland of the IHL.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Brian Savage, left wing Andrei Bashkirov, center Matt Higgins and defenseman Mike McBain to one-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Named Roger Neilson assistant coach; re-signed left wing Magnus Arvedson, defensemen Chris Phillips and Shane Hnidy and right wing Ivan Ciernik to one-year contracts; re-signed center John Emmons to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Norm MacIver coach at Springfield of the AHL; signed defenseman Justin Hocking.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Murray Oliver professional scout; signed left wing Jonas Hoglund to a one-year contract; announced that restricted centers Yanic Perreault and Alyn McCauley accepted qualifying offers.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed centers Matt Herr and Mike Peluso and goaltender Sebastien Charpentier.

Jul 31, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Giguere to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed right wing Brian Wesenberg, goaltender Scott Fankhouser and defenseman Brett Clark.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Wade Belak.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Kevin Hatcher, who had been with the New York Rangers.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Rob Tallas, who had been with the Boston Bruins; re-signed defenseman Nolan Baumgartner.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Jamie Langenbrunner to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Aki Berg and goaltender Marcel Cousineau to one-year contracts; re-signed right wing Brad Chartrand to a multi-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Darryl Laplante.
New York Rangers: Named Tom Renney director of player personnel.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Travis Green to a one-year contract; re-signed center Daniel Briere to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed centers Brian Holzinger and Steve Martins to one-year contracts; signed right wing Martin St. Louis, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a multi-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Mike Penny director of player personnel.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Bob Murray scout.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Andrei Nikolishin to a one-year contract.

Jul 30, 2000
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Janne Laukkanen.

Jul 29, 2000
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Scott Pellerin.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Dan Trebil, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins; re-signed defensemen Aris Brimanis and Ray Schultz.

Jul 28, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Hnat Domenichelli; signed goaltender Milan Hnilicka, who had been with the New York Rangers.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Jeff Shantz.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Jamie Wright to a one-year contract; signed centers Chris Wells, who had been with the New York Rangers, and Eric Houde, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender Chris Osgood to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Rob Niedermayer to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Sven Butenschon and forward Darcy Verot.

Jul 27, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed left wing Mike Leclerc to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing Shean Donovan; extended their affiliation agreement with Orlando of the IHL.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Dallas Eakins; re-signed left wing Jeff Cowan.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defensemen Chris McAlpine and Steven Poapst; re-signed forwards Dean McAmmond and Casey Hankinson and defenseman Marty Wilford.
Dallas Stars: Named Paul McIntosh professional scout.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Igor Ulanov to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Martin Madden amateur and professional scout.
New York Islanders: Signed centers Jesse Belanger and Robert Petrovicky and left wing Jeff Toms.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Jeff Ulmer.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Chris Murray, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a multi-year contract; re-signed defenseman Bryce Salvador to a multi-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Announced an affiliation agreement with Richmond of the ECHL.

Jul 26, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed goaltender Norm Maracle.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Dave Lowry, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Stephane Yelle and defenseman Eric Messier.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Brad Lukowich and goaltender Marty Turco to one-year contracts; signed free agent defenseman Jeff Tory.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Domenic Pittis to a two-year contract and defenseman Brad Norton to a one-year contract; signed scouts Bob Mancini, Gord Pell and Stuart MacGregor to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Announced an affiliation agreement with Long Beach of the IHL.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Sergei Krivokrasov.
New York Rangers: Named Al Coates vice president and general manager at Hartford of the AHL.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Derek Plante, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed goaltender Dan Cloutier and left wing Dwayne Hay to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Bob Essensa, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes.

Jul 25, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed center Marc Chouinard and left wing Marty McInnis.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Andrei Kovalenko to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Jan Caloun and defenseman Petteri Nummelin.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Joaquin Gage to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Martin Richter.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Andy Delmore to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Vaugh Karpan director of amateur scouting.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Jarkko Ruutu.

Jul 24, 2000
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Sandis Ozolinsh to a five-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Michal Grosek.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman J.J. Daigneault, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes; named Mario Tremblay and Mike Ramsey assistant coaches.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Rick DiPietro, their first-round pick in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltenders Johan Holmqvist and Vitali Yeremeyev.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Rob Murray.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Ramzi Abid to a three-year contract

Jul 21, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Jarrod Skalde.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Nolan Baumgartner from the Washington Capitals for defenseman Remi Royer.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Brent Gilchrist to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Charlie Huddy and Bill Moores assistant coaches.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Michael Rupp.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Todd Rohloff.

Jul 20, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Chris O'Sullivan, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed forward Yves Sarault, who had been with the Ottawa Senators.
Boston Bruins: Acquired goaltender Kay Whitmore from the Edmonton Oilers for future considerations; signed center Mattias Karlin and defenseman Zdenek Kutlak to three-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Announced defenseman Alexei Zhitnik has accepted the qualifying offer of a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Nolan Baumgartner from the Washington Capitals for defenseman Remi Royer.	
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Serge Aubin, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Antti Laaksonen, who had been with the Boston Bruins and defenseman Mike Matteucci.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Corey Schwab.

Jul 19, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Sean McCann.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Terran Sandwith to a one-year contract.

Jul 18, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman David Harlock.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Valeri Zelepukin, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Gerard Gallant assistant coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the resignation of Bill Lesuk, director of scouting.

Jul 17, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed forwards Donald Audette and Andreas Karlsson.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Mike Martin and center Marty Murray.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center Michael Nylander and signed forward Reto von Arx.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Roman Cechmanek.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed forwards Roman Simicek, Alexander Zevakhin and Jan Fadrny.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wings Fredrik Modin and Todd Warriner to multi-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Luca Cereda, their first-round pick in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.

Jul 15, 2000
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Marian Gaborik to a multi-year contract; signed right wing Maxim Sushinsky.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Ossi Vaananen to a multi-year contract.

Jul 14, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Jonas Ronnqvist to a two-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Adam Burt, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers; re-signed left wing Denny Lambert.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defensemen Rich Brennan, Lubomir Visnovsky and Andreas Lilja.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Ladislav Benysek; re-signed center Pavel Patera.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Andre Savard director of hockey personnel; signed defenseman Andrei Markov.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Greg Johnson.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Mike Commodore.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Brad Tiley.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Todd Reirden to a multi-year contract; signed goaltender Dwayne Roloson, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Alexander Kharitonov and center Thomas Ziegler.

Jul 13, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed left wing Dan Bylsma, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract with a club option for 2001-02; signed defenseman Dean Malkoc to a one-year contract; signed left wing Kevin Sawyer, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a two-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Paul Coffey, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Dave Andreychuk, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Larry Murphy to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Josh Green and defenseman Alexei Semenov.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Brett McLean.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Denis Arkhipov and right wing Alexander Krevsun.
New York Rangers: Signed center Mark Messier, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Jody Hull to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Garth Malarchuk full-time scout.

Jul 12, 2000
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Rob Ray to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Joe Yannetti director of pro scouting.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Shaun Van Allen, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, and goaltender Rick Tabaracci to two-year contracts; re-signed goaltender Mike Bales to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Sami Helenius.
New York Rangers: Named Ron Low coach and Ted Green and Walt Kyle assistant coaches.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Ricard Persson, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a multi-year contract; signed center Todd White, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Extended the contract of assistant coach Jim Roberts through the 2001-2002 season.

Jul 11, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Named Terry Simpson assistant coach.
Boston Bruins: Signed defensemen Jamo Kultanen and Pavel Kolarik and center Eric Manlow.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Nick Beverley assistant general manager.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Christian Matte, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Chris Mason and left wing Sean Haggerty.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Josef Boumedienne.

Jul 10, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired right wing Steve Staios from the New Jersey Devils for future considerations.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed forward Ian MacNeil to a multi-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Vladimir Malakhov, who had been with the New Jersey Devils.

Jul 7, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Chris Herperger.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Frantisek Kucera to a multi-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Peter Bartos.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced center Saku Koivu has accepted the club's qualifying offer for 2000-01; re-signed center Patrick Poulin on a three-year contract; signed defenseman Enrico Ciccone to a one-year contract; signed left wing P.J. Stock, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract with a club option for 2001-02; signed defenseman Sylvain Blouin to a two-year contract; signed center Eric Landry, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed forward Eric Bertrand, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Petr Sachl and defenseman Timo Helbling.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Kevin Stevens, who had been with the New York Rangers.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Landon Wilson to a one-year contract with an option for the 2000-01 season.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named John Tortorella associate coach.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Craig Berube to one-year contract.

Jul 6, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Peter Podhradsky on a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Named Brian McCutcheon assistant coach.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defensemen Dave Karpa and Niclas Walin.
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed center Mark Janssens off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.
Dallas Stars: Named Les Jackson director of hockey operations.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Stu Grimson to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Brian Bonin.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Rick Tocchet to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Michal Sykora to a multi-year contract; named Don Nachbaur and Kjell Samuelsson assistant coaches at Philadelphia of the AHL.
San Jose Sharks: Named Warren Strelow goaltending coach.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Sylvain Cote to a three-year contract.

July 5, 2000
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Brad Werenka.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Dave King coach.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Scott Ferguson.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Bill Barber assistant coach.

Jul 4, 2000
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Don Sweeney to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Ron Tugnutt, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a multi-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wings Gary Roberts, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, and Shayne Corson, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.

Jul 3, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Denis Savard and Don Jackson assistant coaches.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Kevin Haller, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, to a three-year contract; signed center Mike Stapleton, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a two-year contract; elected not to give qualifying offers to defenseman Jamie Rivers and center Johan Davidsson, making them free agents.

Jul 2, 2000
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Peter Popovic, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract.

Jul 1, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed left wing German Titov, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a multi-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Igor Larionov, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract with a club option for 2001-02.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Scott Thornton, who had been with the Dallas Stars.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Dallas Drake, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets; signed defenseman Sean Hill, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes; re-signed center Mike Eastwood and left wing Tyson Nash to multi-year contracts; picked up the option on defenseman Marc Bergevin's contract.

Jun 30, 2000
Boston Bruins: Named Peter Laviolette assistant coach.
New Jersey Devils: Announced that Larry Robinson will return as coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Chris Joseph to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Mike Van Ryn.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defensemen Nathan Dempsey and Chris McAllister, signed defenseman Petr Svoboda to a three-year contract.

Jun 29, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Named Guy Charron assistant coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Lyle Odelein, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a multi-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Craig Johnson to a multi-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced Lou Lamoriello will continue as the team's chief executive officer, president and general manager.

Jun 28, 2000
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Wes Walz.

Jun 27, 2000
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Lee Goren to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Kevin Dean.
Nashville Predators: Exercised the contract option on defenseman Drake Berehowsky for the 2000-01 season; signed forward Martin Bartek.

Jun 25, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired right wing Jonathan Hedström from the Toronto Maple Leafs for sixth- and  seventh-round picks (179th and 209th overall, Maple Leafs selected Vadim Sozinov and Markus Seikola) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired center Ben Simon from the Chicago Blackhawks for a ninth-round draft pick (262nd overall, Blackhawks selected Peter Flache) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Acquired a ninth-round pick (279th overall, Bruins selected Andreas Lindstrom) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for a ninth-round pick (272nd overall, Oilers selected Ales Pisa) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired an eighth-round pick (258th overall, Sabres selected Sean McMorrow) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for an eighth-round pick (251st overall, Flames selected Ville Hamalainen) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa; 220th overall, Sabres selected Paul Gaustad) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for seventh- (later traded to Ottawa; 218th overall) and ninth-round (281st overall, Lightning selected Ilya Solarev) picks in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired a fourth-round pick (97th overall, Hurricanes selected Niclas Wallin) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for fourth- (previously acquired from Anaheim; 108th overall, Thrashers selected Blake Robson), fifth- (previously received as compensation for the loss of Ray Sheppard; 147th overall, Thrashers selected Matthew McRae) and eighth-round (244th overall, Thrashers selected Eric Bowen) picks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a ninth-round pick (286th overall, Blue Jackets selected Andrej Nedorost) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for a ninth-round pick (267th overall, Panthers selected Ivan Majesky) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a ninth-round pick (292nd overall, Blue Jackets selected Louis Manderville) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for a ninth-round pick (262nd overall, Red Wings selected Christian Soderstrom) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Brad Lukowich and third- and ninth-round picks (70th and 265th overall, Stars selected Yared Hagos and Dale Sullivan) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Minnesota Wild for centers Aaron Gavey and Pavel Patera, an eighth-round pick (255th overall, Wild selected Eric Johansson) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles via Minnesota; 104th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired a fourth-round pick (102nd overall, Red Wings selected Stefan Liv) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a third-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia; 95th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a fourth-round pick (118th overall, Kings selected Lubomir Visnovsky) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Ottawa Senators for two fifth-round picks (the latter received acquired as compensation for the loss of Doug Bodger; 156th and 157th overall, Senators selected Greg Zanon and Grant Potulny) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a fourth-round pick (114th overall, Canadiens selected Christian Larrivee) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for fourth- (previously acquired from Washington via Anaheim; 124th overall, Penguins selected Michel Ouellet) and fifth-round (146th overall, Penguins David Koci) picks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a sixth-round pick (182nd overall, Canadiens selected Petr Chvojka) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for a fifth-round pick (???xxx) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired goaltender John Vanbiesbrouck from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Nashville; 98th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired Shayne Hnidy from the Detroit Red Wings for an eighth-round pick (251st overall, Red Wings selected Todd Jackson) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a fourth-round pick (104th overall, Sharks selected Jon DiSalvatore) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for fourth- fifth-round (the latter previously received as compensation for the loss of Joe Murphy; 112th and 143rd overall, Rangers selected Premsyl Duben and Brandon Snee) picks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; acquired an eighth-round pick (256th overall, Sharks selected Pasi Saarinen) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for an eighth-round pick (249th overall, Capitals selected Matthew Maglione) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired a ninth-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota; 263rd overall, Lightning selected Thomas Ziegler) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for an eighth-round pick (229th overall, Devils selected Aaron Voros) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (126th overall, Lightning selected Johan Hagglund) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for sixth- (171st overall, Flyers selected Roman Cechmanek), seventh- (previously acquired from Montreal; 210th overall, Flyers selected John Eichelberger) and ninth-round (previously acquired from Toronto; 287th overall, Flyers selected Milan Kopecky) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a fifth-round pick (previously received as compensation for the loss of Ray Ferraro, later traded to Chicago; 151st overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for two seventh-round picks (previously acquired from Tampa Bay and Calgary; 201st and 206th overall, Kings selected Evgeny Fedorov and Tim Eriksson) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto via Anaheim; 121st overall, Capitals selected Ryan van Buskirk) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for fifth- (previously acquired from Los Angeles; 151st overall, Blackhawks selected Alexander Barkunov) and sixth-round (193rd overall, Blackhawks selected Joey Martin) picks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 24, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired a second-round pick (44th overall, Mighty Ducks selected Ilya Bryzgalov) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for third- (78th overall, Canadiens selected Jozef Balej), fourth- (previously acquired from Washington, later traded to Pittsburgh; 124th overall) and fifth-round (145th overall, Canadiens selected Ryan Glenn) picks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired a second-round pick (42nd overall, Thrashers selected Libor Ustrnul) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (80th overall, Thrashers selected Michael Garnett) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for second- (later traded to Nashville; 33rd overall) and third-round (66th overall, Canucks selected Fedor Fedorov) picks in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Sandis Ozolinsh and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 32nd overall, Hurricanes selected Tomas Kurka) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Nolan Pratt, a first- (14th overall, Avalanche selected Vaclav Nedorost) and two second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Philadelphia; 47th and 63rd overall, Avalanche selected Jared Aulin and Agris Saviels) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Roberto Luongo and center Olli Jokinen from the New York Islanders for right wing Mark Parrish and left wing Oleg Kvasha.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Roman Hamrlik from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Eric Brewer, left wing Josh Green and a second-round pick (35th overall, Oilers selected Brad Winchester) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired a second-round pick (38th overall, Red Wings selected Tomas Kopecky - ???xxx Knuble???) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers: for second- and third-round picks (64th and 95th overall, Rangers selected Filip Novak and Dominic Moore) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing Brad May from the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a second-round pick (41st overall, Sharks selected Tero Maatta) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for second- (49th overall, Blackhawks selected Jonas Nordqvist) and third-round (previously acquired from the New York Rangers via Tampa Bay; 74th overall, Blackhawks selected Igor Radulov) picks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; named Rich Preston and Cap Raeder assistant coaches; signed right wings Zoltan Batovsky and Mikael Samuelsson.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Kevin Weekes, defenseman Kristian Kudroc and a second-round pick (later traded to Phoenix; 31st overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry draft from the New York Islanders for first- (5th overall, Islanders selected Raffi Torres), fourth- (previously acquired from Calgary; 105th overall, Islanders selected Vladimir Gorbunov) and seventh-round (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 202nd overall, Islanders selected Ryan Caldwell) picks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 43rd overall, Capitals selected Matt Pettinger) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for left wing Miika Elomo and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo; 116th overall, Flames selected Levente Szuper) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 23, 2000
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Mike Vernon from the Minnesota Wild for center Dan Cavanaugh and an eighth-round pick (239th overall, Wild selected Jake Riddle) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed the following players in the 2000 NHL Expansion Draft: left wings Geoff Sanderson (Buffalo Sabres), Dmitri Subbotin (New York Rangers), Barrie Moore (Washington Capitals), Martin Streit (Philadelphia Flyers) and Jeff Williams (New Jersey Devils); centers Robert Kron (Carolina Hurricanes), Tyler Wright (Pittsburgh Penguins), Kevyn Adams (Toronto Maple Leafs), Bruce Gardiner (Tampa Bay Lightning) and Ted Drury (New York Islanders); right wings Turner Stevenson (Montreal Canadiens), Steve Heinze (Boston Bruins), Dallas Drake (Phoenix Coytes), Kevin Dineen (Ottawa Senators) and Sergei Luchinkin (Dallas Stars); defensemen Mattias Timander (Boston Bruins), Bert Robertsson (Edmonton Oilers), Tommi Rajamaki (Toronto Maple Leafs), Jamie Pushor (Dallas Stars), Lyle Odelein (Phoenix Coyotes), Radim Bicanek (Chicago Blackhawks), Mathieu Schneider (New York Rangers) and Jonas Junkka (Pittsburgh Penguins); goaltenders Rick Tabaracci (Colorado Avalanche), Frederic Chabot (Montreal Canadiens) and Dwayne Roloson (Buffalo Sabres); acquired a fifth-round pick (138th overall, Blue Jackets selected Scott Heffernan) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Boston Bruins for future considerations; acquired defenseman Jean-Luc Grand-Pierre, right wing Matt Davidson, a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 138th overall, Blue Jackets selected Tyler Kolarik) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft and a fifth-round pick (later to Detroit via Calgary; 157th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft to complete an NHL Expansion Draft agreement which had Columbus select Geoff Sanderson and Dwayne Roloson from Buffalo; acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 53rd overall, Blue Jackets selected Kiel McLeod) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for future considerations; acquired defenseman Deron Quint from the New Jersey Devils for right wing Turner Stevenson to complete a trade from Jun 12, 2000 that sent left wing Krzysztof Oliwa to Columbus.
Minnesota Wild: Claimed the following players in the 2000 NHL Expansion Draft: left wings Scott Pellerin (St. Louis Blues), Steve McKenna (Los Angeles Kings) and Cam Stewart (Florida Panthers); centers Stacy Roest (Detroit Red Wings), Darryl Laplante (Detroit Red Wings), Jim Down (Edmonton Oilers), Michal Bros (San Jose Sharks), Joe Juneau (Ottawa Senators), Darby Hendrickson (Vancouver Canucks), Jeff Daw (Chicago Blackhawks) and Stefan Nilsson (Vancouver Canucks); right wings Sergei Krivokrasov (Calgary Flames), Jeff Nielsen (Anaheim Mighty Ducks) and Jeff Odgers (Colorado Avalanche); defensemen Sean O'Donnell (Los Angeles Kings), Curtis Leschyshyn (Carolina Hurricanes), Ladislav Benysek (Anaheim Mighty Ducks), Chris Armstrong (San Jose Sharks), Filip Kuba (Calgary Flames), Oleg Orekhovsky (Washington Capitals), Ian Herbers (New York Islanders) and Artem Anisimov (Philadelphia Flyers); goaltenders Jamie McLennan (St. Louis Blues), Mike Vernon (Florida Panthers), Chris Terreri (New Jersey Devils) and Zac Bierk (Tampa Bay Lightning).
New Jersey Devils: Acquired goaltender Chris Terreri from the Minnesota Wild and a ninth-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 263rd overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft for defenseman Brad Bombardir.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing/center Joe Juneau from the Minnesota Wild for center Rickard Wallin.

Jun 22, 2000
Edmonton Oilers: Named Craig MacTavish coach.
Nashville Predators: Named Dan MacKinnon scouting coordinator.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Evgeny Konstantinov to a three-year contract.

Jun 21, 2000
Edmonton Oilers: Named Scott Howson assistant general manager.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Promoted Ivan Hlinka to coach; named Joe Mullen an assistant coach and retained Rick Kehoe as an assistant.

Jun 20, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Dan Marr chief scout, Marcel Comeau full-time scout and Pat Carmichael as a part-time scout.

Jun 19, 2000
Minnesota Wild: Named Jacques Lemaire coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced a two-year affiliation agreement with Kansas City of the IHL.

Jun 16, 2000
Phoenix Coyotes: Exercised its option on left wing Mika Alatalo for the 2000-2001 season.

Jun 15, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Announced that center Ray Ferraro has exercised his option to extend his contract through the 2000-01 season; signed defenseman Mike Weaver.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Lou Crawford head coach and Kevin McClelland assistant coach at St. John's of the AHL.

Jun 14, 2000
Buffalo Sabres: Announced they will not exercise the option on the contract of right wing Rob Ray for the 2000-01 season.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Ryan VandenBussche.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Ray Bourque to a one-year contract with an option.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Denis Shvidki, their first-round pick in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Purchased the new AHL franchise in Manchester, New Hampshire.
Nashville Predators: Signed defensemen John Namestnikov and Rory Fitzpatrick.

Jun 13, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Jarrett Smith on a multi-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Nick Naumenko.

Jun 12, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired defenseman Patrick Traverse from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Joel Kwiatkowski.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Krzysztof Oliwa from the New Jersey Devils for a third-round pick (72nd overall, Devils selected Brandon Nolan) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Chad Alban to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Patrick Cote from the Nashville Predators for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 154th overall, Oilers selected Matt Koalska) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Tomas Vlasak.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired goaltender Manny Fernandez and defenseman Brad Lukowich from the Dallas Stars for a third-round pick (68th overall, Stars selected Joel Lundqvist) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (latert traded to Los Angeles via Minnesota; 104th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed forward Patric Kjellberg.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right wing-defenseman Steve Staios from the Atlanta Thrashers for a ninth-round pick (290th overall, Thrashers selected Simon Gamache) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Ed Ward from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for a seventh-round pick (224th overall, Mighty Ducks selected Tony Martensson) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Mark Janssens from the Chicago Blackhawks for a ninth-round pick (291st overall, Blackhawks selected Arne Ramholt) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defensemen Matt Walker, Alex Khavanov and Vladimir Chebaturkin.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Mikael Hakansson.

Jun 11, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Jan Caloun, a ninth-round pick (278th overall, Blue Jackets selected Martin Paroulek) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for future considerations (Blue Jackets agreed not to select Evgeni Nabokov in the 2000 NHL Expansion Draft).
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Andy Sutton, a third-round pick (later traded to Columbus via Atlanta and Pittsburgh, 85th overall) in in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and a seventh-round pick (214th overall, Wild selected Peter Bartos) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for an eighth-round pick (later traded to Calgary; 233rd overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations (Wild agreed not to select Evgeni Nabokov in the 2000 NHL Expansion Draft).

Jun 9, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired goaltender Jean-Sebastien Giguere from the Calgary Flames for a second-round pick (later traded to Washington; 43rd overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Derek Gustafson and left wing Randy Fitzgerald.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Greg Hawgood and forward Darby Hendrickson.

June 8, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Phil Walker assistant coach, strength and conditioning consultant.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Craig Ramsay coach and Mike Stothers assistant coach.

Jun 7, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Erasmo Saltarelli.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired goaltender Marc Denis from the Colorado Avalanche for a second-round pick (later traded to Carolina; 32nd overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; signed forwards David Vyborny and Martin Spanhel.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender David Brumby and forward Pete Gardiner.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Jason LaBarbera.
San Jose Sharks: Promoted assistant general manager Wayne Thomas to vice president.

Jun 6, 2000
Calgary Flames: Named Craig Button vice president and general manager.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Vaclav Pletka, center Petr Hubacek and defenseman Dan Peters.
San Jose Sharks: Signed head coach Darryl Sutter to a contract extension.

Jun 5, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Brad Moran.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the resignation of assistant coach Paul Baxter.

Jun 4, 2000
Ottawa Sebators: Acquired goaltender Rich Parent from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick  (later traded to Buffalo; 220th overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 2, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Antti-Jussi Niemi to a two-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired a sixth-round pick (180th overall, Thrashers selected Darcy Hordichuk) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for future consideratons.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed forward Jeff Heerema to a multi-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman John Erskine to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Ryan Barnes; announced the extension of an affiliation agreement with Toledo of the ECHL.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Kyle Rossiter and left wing Ryan Jardine to multi-year contracts; signed center Len Barrie; acquired left wing Eric Beaudoin from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick (222nd overall, Lightning selected Marek Priechodsky) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Richard Park.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Francois Beauchemin and forward Michael Ryder to three-year contracts.

Jun 1, 2000
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Andrew Raycroft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed forward Reggie Savage.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Joe Rullier and left wing Kip Brennan.
New York Rangers: Named Glen Sather president and general manager.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Eric LaPlante and defensemen Rob Davison and Robert Mulick.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Jamie Hodson, forward Morgan Warren and defenseman Allan Rourke.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed forward Regan Darby.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Stephen Peat from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Pittsburgh via Montreal; 124th overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

May 31, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed forward Blake Bellefeuille.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Tyler Bouck to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Paul Ranheim from the Carolina Hurricanes for an eighth-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 256th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Sign left wing Brad Richards to a three-year contract.

May 30, 2000
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Michael Henrich, their first-round pick in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

May 26, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed defenseman Jamie Heward off waivers from the New York Islanders; acquired center Espen Knutsen from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for a fourth-round pick (105th overall, Mighty Ducks selected Vladimir Korsunov) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

May 23, 2000
Nashville Predators: Claimed forwards Sean Haggerty and Mike Watt off waivers from the New York Islanders.
New York Islanders: Acquired right wing Trent Hunter from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 98th overall, Mighty Ducks selected Jonas Ronnqvist) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

May 22, 2000
Dallas Stars: Announced an affiliation agreement with Utah of the IHL, beginning with the 2000-01 season.

May 20, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Alpo Suhonen head coach.

May 19, 2000
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed forwards Jaroslav Svoboda and Brent McDonald to multi-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the resignation of president and general manager Glen Sather.

May 17, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Extended the contract of head coach Craig Hartsburg two years through the 2002-03 season.
Minnesota Wild: Signed forwards Kai Nurminen and Brendan Walsh.
New York Islanders: Announced the extension of an affiliation agreement with Trenton of the ECHL through the 2000-2001 season.

May 16, 2000
Florida Panthers: Signed vice president and general manager Bryan Murray to a multi-year contract.

May 15, 2000
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Dale Clark and forwards Mark Rycroft and Shawn Mamane.

May 12, 2000
Minnesota Wild: Named Paul Charles amateur scout.

May 11, 2000
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Tommy Westlund to a multi-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Chris Nielsen from the New York Islanders for fourth- (later traded to Anaheim; 98th overall) and ninth-round (264th overall, Islanders selected Dmitri Altarev) picks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Signed forward Cory Larose.

May 9, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Fired associate coach Lorne Molleken.

May 4, 2000
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Greg Gardner.
Minnesota Wild: Signed forward Steve Aronson.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Jonathon Gagnon to a three-year contract.

May 1, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Petr Tenkrat to a multi-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired goaltender Steve Passmore from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick (117th overall, Blackhawks selected Olli Malmivaara) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Apr 26, 2000
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced that head coach Dave Farrish and assistant coach Ron Wilson will not return to Springfield of the AHL.

Apr 24, 2000
Minnesota Wild: Named Thomas Lynn director of hockey administration.

Apr 16, 2000
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Jeff Farkas to a two-year contract.

Apr 14, 2000
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Darrell Hay.

Apr 13, 2000
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Michael Jones.

Apr 12, 2000
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Mihal Travnicek.

Apr 11, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Announced that head coach Moe Mantha will not return to Cincinnati of the AHL.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed forward Brad Tapper.
Calgary Flames: Fired general manager Al Coates, head coach Brian Sutter, director of player personnel Nick Polano and assistant coach Rich Preston.
Nashville Predators: Exercised contract options on forwards Sebastien Bordeleau and Vitali Yachmenev and defenseman Alexandre Boikov; signed forwards Rob Valicevic and Ville Peltonen and defenseman Karlis Skrastins.

Apr 5, 2000
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Brendan Shanahan to a four-year contract with an option for a fifth year.

Apr 4, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Andy McDonald.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed forward Tomi Kallio.
Philadelphia Flyers: Extended their affiliation agreement with Trenton of the ECHL for two more seasons.
St. Louis Blues: Extended the contract of senior vice president and general manager Larry Pleau through the 2003-04 season.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Dmitry Afanasenkov and center Martin Cibak.

Apr 1, 2000
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Mike Pudlick.
New York Rangers: Suspended defenseman Stephane Quintal for the remainder of the season for conduct detrimental to the team.

Mar 31, 2000
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Steven Reinprecht.

Mar 30, 2000
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Kenton Smith.

Mar 29, 2000
Florida Panthers: Signed center Mike Green.

Mar 28, 2000
New York Rangers: Fired president and general manager Neil Smith and head coach John Muckler.

Mar 27, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Brian Pothier.
Nashville Predators: Signed forward Greg Classen.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Dieter Kochan.

Mar 24, 2000
New Jersey Devils: Suspended defenseman Deron Quint for the rest of the season for disciplinary reasons.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Michael Farrell.

Mar 23, 2000
New Jersey Devils: Fired head coach Robbie Ftorek; named assistant coach Larry Robinson head coach.

Mar 22, 2000
St. Louis Blues: Signed forward Roger Trudeau.

Mar 21, 2000
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Sergei Zubov to a five-year contract extension through 2004-05.

Mar, 17, 2000
Buffalo Sabres: Announced that Marine Midland Arena has been renamed HSBC Arena.

Mar 16, 2000:
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Filip Kuba from the Florida Panthers for right wing Rocky Thompson.

Mar 15, 2000
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Aaron Ward to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Announced an affiliation agreement with Milwaukee of the IHL for the next two seasons.

Mar 14, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired right wing Ed Ward from the Atlanta Thrashers for a seventh-round pick (201st overall, Thrashers selected Colin Fitzrandolph) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Corey Hirsch from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.
Calgary Flames: Acquired right wing Sergei Krivokrasov from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Cale Hulse and a third-round pick (75th overall, Predators selected Denis Platonov) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Brad Werenka from the Pittsburgh Penguins for goaltender Tyler Moss and left wing Rene Corbet.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Sandy McCarthy from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Kent Manderville.
Dallas Stars: Claimed defenseman Joel Bouchard off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing German Titov from the Pittsburgh Penguins for center Josef Beranek.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Mike Sillinger from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Ryan Johnson and left wing Dwayne Hay.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Petr Sachl from the New York Islanders for a ninth-round pick (267th overall, Islanders selected Tomi Pettinen) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right wing Alexander Mogilny from the Vancouver Canucks for centers Brendan Morrison and Denis Pederson.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Kirby Law from the Atlanta Thrashers for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 178th overall, Thrashers selected Jeff Dwyer) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (189th overall, Thrashers selected Pasi Nurminen) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed defenseman Chris Joseph off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired goaltender Ron Tugnutt and defenseman Janne Laukkanen from the Ottawa Senators for goaltender Tom Barrasso; acquired defenseman Dan Trebil from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for a fifth-round pick (153rd overall, Mighty Ducks selected Bill Cass) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 13, 2000
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Todd Gill from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Philippe Audet; signed defenseman Dwayne Zinger.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired right wings Kelly Buchberger and Nelson Emerson from the Atlanta Thrashers for right wing Donald Audette and defenseman Frantisek Kaberle.
New York Rangers: Acquired forward Chris Wells from the Florida Panthers for future considerations.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Bob Boughner from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Pavel Skrbek.

Mar 12, 2000
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Petr Svoboda to a multi-year contract.

Mar 11, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired center Jorgen Jonsson from the New York Islanders for center Johan Davidsson and future considerations.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Chris McAlpine from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Mikko Kuparinen.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Philippe Sauve and left wing K.C. Timmons.

Mar 10, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Michal Grosek from the Buffalo Sabres for center Doug Gilmour, right wing J.P. Dumont and future considerations.
Florida Panthers: Claimed center Len Barrie off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Rob DiMaio from the Boston Bruins for right wing Mike Knuble.

Mar 9, 2000
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired center Chris Gratton and a second-round pick (32nd overall, Sabres selected Derek Roy) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for centers Brian Holzinger and Wayne Primeau, defenseman Cory Sarich and a third-round pick (81st overall, Lightning selected Alexander Kharitonov) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defensemen Christian Laflamme and Matthieu Descoteaux from the Edmonton Oilers for defensemen Igor Ulanov and Alain Nasreddine.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Ian Herbers from the Tampa Bay Lightning for aseventh-round pick (later traded back to the New York Islanders; 202nd overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 8, 2000
New York Islanders: Signed center Claude Lapointe to a three-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Jeff Shevalier from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired right wing Mikael Renberg from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Rick Tocchet.

Mar 7, 2000
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Lyle Odelein from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Deron Quint and a third-round pick (later traded back to Phoenix; 78th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 6, 2000
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Ray Bourque and left wing Dave Andreychuk from the Boston Bruins for left wing Brian Rolston, defenseman Martin Grenier, center Samuel Pahlsson and a first-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 28th overall, Bruins selected Martin Samuelsson) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Shawn McEachern to a three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Travis Brigley and a sixth-round pick (177th overall, Flyers selected Andrei Razin) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for center Marc Bureau.

Mar 3, 2000
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Dallas Eakins from the New York Islanders for future considerations.

Mar 1, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed left wing Steve Guolla off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Vladimir Malakhov from the Montreal Canadiens for defensemen Sheldon Souray and Josh DeWolf and a second-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay via Washington; 61st overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 23, 2000
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Eric Fichaud to a contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Don MacLean from the Los Angeles Kings for center Craig Charron.

Feb 22, 2000
San Jose Sharks: Announced the resignation of vice chairman Tom McEnery.

Feb 19, 2000
New York Islanders: Claimed left wing Niklas Andersson off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Feb 18, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired center Joel Irving from the Calgary Flames for future considerations.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Allan Egeland from the Calgary Flames for future considerations; signed goaltender Travis Scott and center Jerrid Smithson.

Feb 15, 2000
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Gino Odjick from the New York Islanders for left wing Mikael Andersson and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina; 148th overall, Islanders selected Kristoffer Ottosson) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Kevyn Adams to a two-year contract.

Feb 14, 2000
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Eric Bertrand from the Philadelphia Flyers for future considerations.

Feb 13, 2000
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Zarley Zalapski for the remainder of the season.

Feb 12, 2000
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Jamie McLennan to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 11, 2000
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Darryl Shannon and left wing Jason Botterill from the Atlanta Thrashers for left wings Hnat Domenichelli and Dmitri Vlasenkov.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed goaltender Eric Fichaud off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.
Washington Capitals: Signed forward Joe Murphy.

Feb 10, 2000
Washington Capitals: Claimed forward Joe Murphy off waivers from the Boston Bruins.

Feb 9, 2000
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Dan Keczmer from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Rory Fitzpatrick.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Darcy Tucker, a fourth-round pick (100th overall, Maple Leafs selected Miguel Delisle) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft and a fifth-round pick (134th overall, Maple Leafs selected Kyle Wellwood) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for right wing Mike Johnson, defenseman Marek Posmyk, fifth- and sixth round picks (161st and 191st overall, Lightning selected Pavel Sedov and Aaron Gionet) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft and a fifth-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles; 152nd overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 8, 2000
Dallas Stars: Acquired defensemen Sylvain Cote and Dave Manson from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Kevin Dean, center Derek Plante and a second-round pick (59th overall, Blackhawks selected Matt Keith) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 7, 2000
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Ivan Hlinka associate coach.

Feb 5, 2000
Calgary Flames: Claimed defenseman Stewart Malgunas off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Feb 4, 2000
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired right wing Alexandre Volchkov from the Washington Capitals for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Anaheim; 118th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed right wing Pat Falloon off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.

Feb 3, 2000
Cakgary Flames: Claimed defenseman Stewart Malgunas off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Jason Dawe from the Nahville Predators for defenseman John Namestnikov.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Benoit Hogue to a one-year contract.

Feb 2, 2000
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Stewart Malgunas from the Washington Capitals for future considerations.

Jan 31, 2000
Carolina Hurricanes: Promoted Jim Rutherford to chief executive officer and general manager; named Jim Cain president and chief operating officer; promoted Jason Karmanos to vice president-assistant general manager.

Jan 30, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired center Kip Miller from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a ninth-round pick (273rd overall, Penguins selected Roman Simicek) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Gerald Diduck, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes to a three-year contract.

Jan 26, 2000
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Todd White from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.

Jan 25, 2000
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired forward Bill Huard from the Los Angeles Kings for future considerations.

Jan 24, 2000
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired forward Vladimir Tsyplakov and an eighth-round pick (247th overall, Sabres selected Marek Dubec) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for an eighth-round pick (245th overall, Kings selected Dan Welch) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 188th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 23, 2000
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Keith Primeau and a fifth-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders; 148th overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft for center Rod Brind'Amour, goaltender Jean-Marc Pelletier and a second-round pick (later traded to Colorado; 63rd overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 22, 2000
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Scott Thornton from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Juha Lind.

Jan 20, 2000
Nashville Predators: Claimed left wing Niklas Andersson off waivers from the New York Islanders.
Washington Capitals: Claimed left wing Jim McKenzie off waivers from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks.

Jan 18, 2000
Washington Capitals: Claimed center Terry Yake off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.

Jan 17, 2000
Colorado Avalanche: Signed general manager Pierre Lacroix to a multi-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Jaroslav Svejkovsky from the Washington Capitals for a seventh-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles; 201st overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to Toronto; 65th overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 14, 2000
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Vadim Sharifijanov and a third-round pick (93rd overall, Canucks selected Tim Branham) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for second- (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 39th oveall, Devils selected Teemu Laine) and third-round (previously acquired from Atlanta; 67th overall, Devils selected Max Birbraer) picks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 13, 2000
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Named Bob Murray scouting consultant.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Stephane Richer from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Chris McAlpine and goaltender Rich Parent.

Jan 11, 2000
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Calle Johansson to a three-year extension.

Jan 9, 2000
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Wendel Clark.

Jan 6, 2000
Boston Bruins: Signed center Jason Allison to a one-year contract extension through the 2000-01 season.
