Jul 1, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Luke Schenn, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Jared Coreau, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Anton Rodin to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson to an eight-year contract; signed left wing Michael Grabner, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman John Moore, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a five-year contract; signed left wing Joakim Nordstrom, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Jaroslav Halak and center Chris Wagner, who had been with the New York Islanders, to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Axel Andersson to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Cody Goloubef, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Mark McNeill, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Carter Hutton, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Scott Wedgewood, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Brandon hickey to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Scott Wilson to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Derek Ryan, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a three-year contract; signed right wing Austin Czarnik, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed center Alan Quine, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract; signed center Tyler Graovac, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Petr Mrazek, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Adam Boqvist to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Brandon Manning, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Cam Ward, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Chris Kunitz, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Ian Cole and left wing Matt Calvert, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to three-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Riley Nash, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Dillon Simpson, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Tommy Cross, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Adam Clendening, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Colton Point to a three-year contract; signed left wing Blake Comeau, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a three-year contract; signed right wing Valeri Nichushkin to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Anton Khudobin, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Michael Mersch, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Joel L'Esperance to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Roman Polak, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Erik Condra, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Joel Hanley, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Jonathan Bernier, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Mike Green to a two-year contract; signed left wing Chris Terry, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Thomas Vanek, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jake Chelios, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Harri Sateri, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; signed center Wade Megan, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Kyle Brodziak, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Tobias Rieder and defenseman Kevin Gravel, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to one-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Jared McCann to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Michael Hutchinson, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Drew Doughty to an eight-year contract; signed right wing Ilya Kovalchuk to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Greg Pateryn, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Nick Seeler to a three-year contract; signed left wing Michael Liambas and right wing J.T. Brown, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to two-year contract extensions; signed goaltender Andrew Hammond, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; signed center Eric Fehr, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Bartkowski, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Matt Hendricks, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract; bought out the contract of left wing Tyler Ennis.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Jesperi Kotkaniemi to a three-year contract; signed center Matthew Peca, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; signed center Michael Chaput, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract; signed center Tomas Plekanec, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Kenny Agostino, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Xavier Ouellet, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract; bought out the contract of goaltender Steve Mason.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Jarred Tinordi, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Rocco Grimaldi, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; signed center Connor Brickley, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Eric Gryba, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Kurtis Gabriel, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed defq John Ramage, who had been with Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Thomas Hickey to a four-year contract; signed left wing Leo Komarov, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a four-year contract; signed center Valtteri Filppula, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Vladislav Namestnikov to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Fredrik Claesson, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Mike McKenna, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed center Paul Carey, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing James van Riemsdyk, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a five-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Jack Johnson, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a five-year contract; signed center Matt Cullen, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Jimmy Hayes, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender John Muse, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Zach Trotman to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Stefan Elliott to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Logan Couture to an eight-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Ryan O'Reilly from the Buffalo Sabres for center Patrik Berglund, left wing Vladimir Sobotka, right wing Tage Thompson, a conditional first-round pick in the 2019 or 2020 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft; signed left wing David Perron, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a four-year contract; signed center Tyler Bozak, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Chad Johnson, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Brian Flynn, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Tyler Wotherspoon, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Ryan McDonagh to a seven-year contract extension; signed defenseman Cameron Gaunce, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Kevin Lynch to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center John Tavares, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a seven-year contract; signed center Josh Jooris, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Martin Marincin to a one-year contract extension; signed right wing Adam Cracknell, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jordan Subban, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Jay Beagle, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a four-year contract; signed left wing Antoine Roussel, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a four-year contract; re-signed left wing Sven Baertschi to a three-year contract; signed center Tim Schaller, who had been with the Boston Bruins to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Paul Stastny, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Nick Holden, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Zach Fucale and left wing Daniel Carr, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to one-year contracts; signed left wing Alex Gallant, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Curtis McKenzie, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jimmy Oligny to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender Maxime Lagace to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Martin Fehervary to a three-year contract; re-signed center Travis Boyd to a two-year contract; signed center Nic Dowd and right wing Jayson Megna, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to one-year contracts; sgned center Michael Sgarbossa, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Laurent Brossoit, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; signed center Seth Griffith, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Dennis Everberg to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Cameron Schilling to a one-year contract.

Jun 30, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Chase De Leo from the Winnipeg Jets for left wing Nicolas Kerdiles.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Niklas Hjalmarsson to a two-year contract extension; signed left wing Zac Rinaldo to a one-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Dalton Prout to a one-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Andrei Svechnikov to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Mike Green to a one-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Eddie Lack to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Ross Colton to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Ryan Reaves to a two-year contract extension; signed center Brandon Pirri to a one-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired defenseman Simon Bourque from the Montreal Canadiens for goaltender Steve Mason, right wing Joel Armia, a seventh-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.

Jun 29, 2018
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Valentin Zykov to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Frank Vatrano to a one-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Christopher Gibson and defenseman Seth Helgeson to two-year contract extensions.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Michal Kempny to a four-year contract extension.

Jun 28, 2018
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Jean-Sebastien Dea to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 27, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Kevin Connauton to a two-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Conor Sheary and defenseman Matt Hunwick from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if Sheary scores 20 goals or totals 40 points or if Hunwick is traded before the 2019 NHL draft) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Jordan Schroeder from the Columbus Blue Jackets for goaltender Jean-Francois Berube.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Kyle Rau to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Riley Sheahan to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Devante Smith-Pelly to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 26, 2018
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Reece Scarlett to a one-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Bryan Rust to a four-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Bought out the contract of right wing Alexandre Burrows.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing J.T. Miller to a five-year contract extension; signed center Ross Colton to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Derrick Pouliot to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 25, 2018
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Phillip Di Giuseppe to a one-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Martin Frk to a one-year contract extension; signed left wing Tyler Bertuzzi to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Daniel Sprong and left wing Dominik Simon to two-year contract extensions; signed defenseman Kevin Czuczman to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 24, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Robbie Russo from the Detroit Red Wings for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Michael Chaput from the Vancouver Canucks for center Tanner Kero.
Colorado Avalanche. Bought out the contract of defenseman Brooks Orpik.
Detroit Red Wings: Bought out the contract of defenseman Xavier Ouellet.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Chris Wideman to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Nikita Soshnikov to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman John Carlson to an eight-year contract.

Jun 23, 2018
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Noah Hanifin and right wing Elias Lindholm from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Dougie Hamilton, right wing Micheal Ferland and defenseman Adam Fox; acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg; 122nd overall, Flames selected Milos Roman) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a fourth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary; 74th overall, Blackhawks selected Niklas Nordgren) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for third- and fifth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Toronto via New Jersey and Washington, the latter previously acquired from Columbus, the former later traded to San Jose; 142nd overall, Coyotes selected Michael Callahan) in the 2018 NHL Draft; acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Florida via San Jose; 139th overall, Blackhawks selected Mikael Hakkarainen) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a fifth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Philipp Grubauer to a three-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 159th overall, Blue Jackets selected Tim Berni) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for a fifth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired goaltender Hayden Hawkey from the Montreal Canadiens for a fifth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft; acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 62nd overall, Oilers selected Olivier Rodrigue) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for third- and fifth-round picks (71st and 133rd overall, Canadiens selected Jordan Harris and Samuel Houde) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a third-round pick (89th overall, Panthers selected Logan Hutsko) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for a third-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 190th overall, Canadiens selected Brett Stapley) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a seventh-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Samuel Moring to a three-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 58th overall, Penguins selected Filip Hallander) in the 2018 NHL Draft for third- and fifth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Ottawa; 64th and 146th overall, Avalanche selected Justus Annunen and Danila Zhuravlyov) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto via New Jersey, Washington and Chicago; 87th overall, Sharks selected Linus Karlsson) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for fourth- and fifth-round picks (114th and 145th overall, Coyotes selected Ivan Prosvetov and Dennis Busby) in the 2018 NHL Draft; acquired a fourth-round oick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 102nd overall, Sharks selected Jasper Weatherby) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for fourth- and fifth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Vegas via Florida, the latter previously acquired from Florida, the latter later traded to Chicago; 123rd overall, Canadiens selected Jack Gorniak) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired a sixth-round pick (156th overall, Maple Leafs selected Pontus Holmberg) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for a sixth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired a seventh-round pick (208th overall, Golden Knights selected Jordan Kooy) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a seventh-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a sixth-round pick (161st overall, Capitals selected Alex Kannok-Leipert) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for a sixth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft (186th overall, Canucks selected Artyom Manukyan) in the 2018 NHL Draft and a sixth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Jun 22, 2018
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Philipp Grubauer and defenseman Brooks Orpik from the Washington Capitals for a second-round pick (47th overall, Capitals selected Kody Clark) in the 2018 NHL Draft. 	
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Stephen Johns to a three-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 22nd overall, Rangers selected K'Andre Miller) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for first- and second-round picks (previously acquired from Boston and New Jersey; 26th and 48th overall, Senators selected Jacob Bernard-Docker and Jonathan Tychonick) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired a first-round pick (25th overall, Blues selected Dominik Bokk) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for first- and third-round picks (the former previously acquired from Winnipeg; 29th and 76th overall, Maple Leafs selected Rasmus Sandin and Semyon Der-Arguchintsev) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Bought out the contract of defenseman Paul Martin.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Louis Domingue to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Markus Granlund to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 21, 2018
Edmonton Oilers: Bought out the contract of defenseman Eric Gryba.

Jun 20, 2018
New York Rangers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Sergei Zborovskiy.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Connor Carrick and goaltender Calvin Pickard to one-year contract extensions.
Vancouver Canucks: signed goaltender Richard Bachman to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 19, 2018
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Matthew Benning to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Mike Hoffman and a seventh-round pick (207th overall, Panthers selected Santtu Kinnunen) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for a second-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft and fourth- and fifth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Vegas, both later traded to Montreal) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Mike Hoffman, defenseman Cody Donaghey and a fifth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for left wing Mikkel Boedker, defenseman Julius Bergman and a sixth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Reid Boucher to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 18, 2018
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Alex Broadhurst to a one-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Tobias Lindberg to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Edward Pasquale to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 17, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Kevin Boyle to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 16, 2018
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Max Domi to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 15, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired left wing Alex Galchenyuk from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Max Domi.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Matt Grzelcyk to a two-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Michael Fora to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Vinnie Hinostroza and right wing John Hayden to two-year contract extensions.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Lukas Elvenes to a three-year contract.

Jun 14, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired right wing Hudson Fasching from the Buffalo Sabres for right wing Mike Sislo and defenseman Brandon Hickey.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Martin Bakos to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of right wing P.A. Parenteau.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Drake Caggiula to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Kyle Wood from the Arizona Coyotes for left wing Adam Helewka.

Jun 13, 2018
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Urho Vaakanainen to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired goaltender Peter Budaj from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Andy Andreoff.

Jun 12, 2018
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Henri Jokiharju to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Carter Verhaeghe to a one-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Brooks Macek to a one-year contract.

Jun 11, 2018
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Marcus Hogstrom and left wing Yasin Ehliz to one-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of right wing Jared Staal.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Stefan Matteau to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 10, 2018
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Marek Mazanec to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 8, 2018
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Andrew Poturalski to a one-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Nolan Vesey from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft; signed left wing Nolan Vesey to a two-year contract; signed right wing Patrick Russell to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 7, 2018
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Andreas Martinsen to a one-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of left wing Jiri Tlusty.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Daniel Walcott to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 6, 2018
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Patrick Brown to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Antti Suomela to a one-year contract.

Jun 3, 2018
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Keegan Lowe to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 1, 2018
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Bogdan Kiselevich to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Gage Quinney to a one-year contract; signed centers Ben Jones and Jake Leschyshyn to three-year contracts.

May 31, 2018
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Jacob Nilsson to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Joshua Brown to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Ludwig Bystrom to a one-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Rinat Valiev to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Niko Mikkola to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Michael DiPietro to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Zachary Leslie and right wing Tomas Hyks to one-year contract extensions.

May 30, 2018
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Trevor Carrick to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of goaltender Nick Ellis.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Magnus Paajarvi to a one-year contract.

May 29, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Antoine Morand to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Kasimir Kaskisuo to a two-year contract extension.

May 28, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Mario Kempe to a one-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Michal Moravcik to a two-year contract; signed defenseman David Sklenicka to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Petrus Palmu to a three-year contract.

May 25, 2018
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Gustav Lindstrom to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Elias Pettersson to a three-year contract.

May 24, 2018
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Gabriel Bourque to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Evander Kane to a seven-year contract extension.

May 23, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Ilya Lyubushkin to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Rasmus Asplund to a three-year contract.

May 22, 2018
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Alexandre Texier to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Antti Niemi to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Patrick Sieloff to a two-year contract.

May 21, 2018
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Kevin Lankinen and defenseman Darren Raddysh to a two-year contracts; signed defenseman Lucas Carlsson to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Patrik Rybar to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Yegor Yakovlev to a one-year contract.

May 19, 2018
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Mikhail Berdin to a three-year contract.

May 18, 2018
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Saku Maenalanen to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Joel Persson to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Juuso Riikola to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Tyler Lewington to a two-year contract extension.

May 17, 2018
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Oscar Fantenberg to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of left wing Darren Kramer.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Igor Ozhiganov and center Par Lindholm to one-year contracts; signed left wing Pierre Engvall to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jesper Lindgren to a three-year contract.

May 16, 2018
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Kaapo Kahkonen to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Aaron Ness to a one-year contract extension.

May 15, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing David Ullstrom to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Lawrence Pilut to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Mark Barberio to a two-year contract extension.

May 14, 2018
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Stuart Skinner to a three-year contract.

May 12, 2018
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement center Mike Fisher.

May 10, 2018
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Morgan Geekie to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Mark Alt to a two-year contract extension.

May 9, 2018
Nashville Predators: Signed center Carl Persson to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Yaroslav Dyblenko.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Mathias Bau-Hansen to a one-year contract; signed left wing Maximilian Kammerer to a three-year contract.

May 8, 2018
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Igor Shvyryov to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Tyler Vesel to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Brian Strait to a two-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed center Travis St. Denis to a two-year contract.

May 7, 2018
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing David Pope to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Filip Pyrochta to a two-year contract.

May 4, 2018
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Jonathan Davidsson to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing David Kase to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Ilya Samsonov to a three-year contract.

May 3, 2018
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Connor Clifton to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Jordan Martinook and a fourth-round pick (96th overall, Hurricanes selected Luke Henman) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for center Marcus Kruger and a third-round pick (73rd overall, Coyotes selected Ty Emberson) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Jason Robertson to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Ville Meskanen.

May 2, 2018
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Casey Nelson to a two-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Pavel Francouz to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Eric Martinsson to a one-year contract; signed right wing Dmitry Sokolov to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Lukas Vejdemo to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Michael Lindqvist.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Axel Jonsson-Fjallby to a three-year contract; signed right wing Juuso Ikonen to a two-year contract.

May 1, 2018
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Mikko Koskinen to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Brad Morrison to a three-year contract.

Apr 30, 2018
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Sam Anas to a two-year contract.

Apr 28, 2018
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Dominik Kahun to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Radim Simek to a two-year contract.

Apr 27, 2018
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Matt Villalta to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Mason Shaw to a three-year contract.

Apr 26, 2018
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Miroslav Svoboda to a two-year contract.

Apr 25, 2018
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Linus Olund to a three-year contract.

Apr 24, 2018
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Victor Olofsson to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Alexandre Alain to a three-year contract.

Apr 20, 2018
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Ivan Chekhovich to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Lukas Jasek to a three-year contract.

Apr 19, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Francois Beauchemin.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Otto Somppi to a three-year contract; signed left wing Michael Bournival to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 16, 2018
Nashville Predators: Signed center Tyler Gaudet to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 15, 2018
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Joey Anderson to a three-year contract.

Apr 14, 2018
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Ty Rattie to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 13, 2018
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Dennis Gilbert to a three-year contract.

Apr 12, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Jordan Gross to a two-year contract.

Apr 11, 2018
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Andrew Oglevie to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Alexei Bereglazov.

Apr 10, 2018
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Karson Kuhlman to a two-year contract.

Apr 9, 2018
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of left wing Patrick Sharp.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Tony Calderone to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of right wing Radim Vrbata.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Jake Evans to a two-year contract.

Apr 8, 2018
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Cooper Marody to a three-year contract.

Apr 7, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Olle Eriksson Ek to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced the retirements of center Henrik Sedin and left wing Daniel Sedin.

Apr 6, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Antti Raanta to a three-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Yannick Rathgeb to a two-year contract; signed defenseman David Quenneville to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Noah Gregor to a three-year contract.

Apr 5, 2018
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Josh Dickinson to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Louis Belpedio to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Anthony Angello to a two-year contract.

Apr 4, 2018
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of right wing Tom Kostopoulos.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Brian Pinho to a two-year contract.

Apr 3, 2018
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Niclas Westerholm to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Lukas Radil to a one-year contract; signed center Alexander Chmelevski to a three-year contract.

Apr 2, 2018
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Tanner Jeannot to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Marian Studenic to a three-year contract.

Apr 1, 2018
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Cal Foote to a three-year contract.

Mar 30, 2018
Boston Bruins: Signed right Jordan Szwarz to a one-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Sheldon Rempal to a two-year contract.

Mar 29, 2018
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Josh Anderson and left wing Travis Barron to three-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Markus Nutivaara to a five-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Daniel Brickley and center to two-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Eeli Tolvanen to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Erik Foley to a three-year contract.

Mar 28, 2018
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Zdeno Chara to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Christian Ehrhoff.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Andrew Sturtz to a two-year contract.

Mar 27, 2018
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Jeremy Helvig to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Blake Hillman to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Felix Sandstrom to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Dane Birks to a two-year contract.

Mar 26, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Troy Terry to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Casey Mittelstadt to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Joni Tuulola to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Eric Robinson to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Henrik Borgstrom to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Jordan Greenway to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Dylan Gambrell to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Adam Gaudette to a three-year contract.

Mar 25, 2018
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman William Borgen to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Dylan Sikura to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Mitch Reinke, right wing Austin Poganski and center Nolan Stevens to two-year contracts.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center C.J. Suess to a one-year contract.

Mar 24, 2018
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Hayden Verbeek to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Cam Johnson to a one-year contract.

Mar 23, 2018
Washington Capitals: Signed center Shane Gersich to a two-year contract.

Mar 22, 2018
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Ryan Lindgren to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Tobias Geisser to a three-year contract.

Mar 21, 2018
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Wiley Sherman to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Cooper Marody from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Otto Koivula to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Christian Wolanin to a two-year contract.

Mar 20, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Kiefer Sherwood to a two-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Merrick Madsen to a two-year contract.

Mar 18, 2018
Boston Bruins: Signed center Ryan Donato to a two-year contract.

Mar 17, 2018
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Mason Marchment to a two-year contract.

Mar 16, 2018
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Brett Seney to a two-year contract.

Mar 15, 2018
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Nathan Gerbe to a two-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Kirill Maksimov to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Scott Eansor to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Matthew Strome to a three-year contract.

Mar 14, 2018
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Dean Kukan to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 13, 2018
Boston Bruins: Signed center Trent Frederic to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Maxim Sushko to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Antoine Bibeau to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 11, 2018
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Carsen Twarynski.

Mar 10, 2018
Boston Bruins: Signed center Cameron Hughes to a three-year contract.

Mar 9, 2018
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Patrick Bajkov to a three-year contract.

Mar 8, 2018
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Jan Rutta to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Ashton Sautner to a two-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Zach Whitecloud to a three-year contract.

Mar 7, 2018
Montreal Canadiens: Signed centers William Bitten and Michael Pezzetta to three-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of right wing Jonathan Cheechoo.

Mar 6, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Tyler Steenbergen to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Tyler Sikura to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Erik Gustafsson to a two-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Ostap Safin to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman T.J. Brennan to a multi-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Sam Lafferty to a three-year contract.

Mar 5, 2018
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Colin Larkin to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Ty Ronning to a three-year contract.

Mar 4, 2018
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Riley Stillman to a three-year contract.

Mar 3, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Maxime Comtois to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Andrei Mironov.

Mar 2, 2018
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Conor Timmins to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Vincent Praplan to a one-year contract.

Mar 1, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Brayden Burke to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Gabriel Vilardi to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Alex Barre-Boulet to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Kole Lind to a three-year contract.

Feb 28, 2018
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Aaron Dell to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Alex Biega to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 27, 2018
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Patric Hornqvist to a five-year contract extension.

Feb 26, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Jason Chimera from the New York Islanders for center Chris Wagner.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired center Jordan Maletta from the Columbus Blue Jackets for center Ryan Kujawinski; acquired defenseman Trevor Murphy and left wing Pierre-Cedric Labrie from the Nashville Predators for center Tyler Gaudet and defenseman John Ramage.
Boston Bruins: Acquired center Tommy Wingels from the Chicago Blackhawks for a conditional fourth- or fifth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Nick Shore from the Ottawa Senators for a seventh-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft; claimed right wing Chris Stewart off waivers from the Minnesota
Colorado Avalanche: Claimed defenseman Mark Alt off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Ian Cole from the Ottawa Senators for center Nick Moutrey and a third-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Thomas Vanek from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Jussi Jokinen and right wing Tyler Motte.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Mike Reilly from the Minnesota Wild for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Washington) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Ryan Hartman and a fifth-round pick (131st overall, Predators selected Spencer Stastney) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for center Victor Ejdsell and first- and fourth-round picks (27th and 120th overall, Blackhawks selected Nicolas Beaudin and Philipp Kurashev) in the 2018 NHL Draft; signed center Mike Fisher to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Patrick Maroon from the Edmonton Oilers for center Joey Dudek and a third-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Chris Bigras from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Ryan Graves.
Philadelphia Flyers: Claimed defenseman Johnny Oduya off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Josh Jooris from the Carolina Hurricanes for center Greg McKegg.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Evander Kane from the Buffalo Sabres for center Daniel O'Regan, a conditional first- or second-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft or third-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Ryan McDonagh and right wing J.T. Miller from the New York Rangers for left wing Vladislav Namestnikov, center Brett Howden, defenseman Libor Hajek, a first-round pick (28th overall, Rangers selected Nils Lundkvist) in the 2018 NHL Draft and a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick if Tampa Bay wins the Stanley Cup in 2018 or 2019) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired left wing Brendan Leipsic from the Vegas Golden Knights for defenseman Philip Holm.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired left wing Tomas Tatar from the Detroit Red Wings for a first-round pick (30th overall, Red Wings selected Joe Veleno) in the 2018 NHL Draft, a second-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired center Paul Stastny from the St. Louis Blues for left wing Erik Foley, a conditional first-round pick (if Winnipeg's first-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft ends up being a top 3 pick, the Jets have the option to keep the pick and send St. Louis their first-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft) in the 2018 NHL Draft (later traded to Toronto) and a conditional fourth-round pick (if St. Louis don't sign Foley before Aug. 16, 2019) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Joe Morrow from the Montreal Canadiens for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Calgary) in the 2018 NHL Draft.

Feb 25, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Chris Kelly to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Rick Nash from the New York Rangers for center Ryan Spooner, left wing Matt Beleskey, defenseman Ryan Lindgren, a first-round pick (later traded to Ottawa) in the 2018 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft; signed right wing Brian Gionta to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Chris Breen to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Cody Goloubef to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Mark Letestu from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick (111th overall, Predators selected Jachym Kondelik) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Mark Letestu from the Edmonton Oilers for left wing Pontus Aberg; acquired left wing Brandon Bollig and goaltender Troy Grosenick from the San Jose Sharks for a sixth-round pick (182nd overall, Sharks selected John Leopard) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Jim O'Brien to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender John Muse to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Tomas Plekanec and right wing Kyle Baun from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Kerby Rychel, defenseman Rinat Valiev and a second-round pick (56th overall; Canadiens selected Jacob Olofsson) in the 2018 NHL Draft.

Feb 24, 2018
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Brandon Davidson from the Edmonton Oilers for third-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Feb 23, 2018
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Michael Grabner from the New York Rangers for defenseman Yegor Rykov and a second-round pick (later traded to Ottawa) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Josh Bailey to a six-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired centers Derick Brassard and Vincent Dunn and a third-round pick (later traded to Colorado) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Ian Cole, goaltender Filip Gustavsson, a first-round pick (later traded to the NY Rangers) in the 2018 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired right wing Ryan Reaves, a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 99th overall, Vegas selected Slava Demin) in the 2018 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Tobias Lindberg.

Feb 22, 2018
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Frank Vatrano from the Boston Bruins for a third-round pick (77th overall, Bruins selected Jakub Lauko) in the 2018 NHL Draft.

Feb 21, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired goaltender Darcy Kuemper from the Los Angeles Kings for right wing Tobias Rieder and goaltender Scott Wedgewood; signed goaltender Darcy Kuemper to a two-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed defenseman Taylor Chorney off waivers from the Washington Capitals.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed center Gabriel Dumont off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Jakub Jerabek from the Montreal Canadiens for a fifth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Feb 20, 2018
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Nick Holden from the New York Rangers for defenseman Rob O'Gara and a third-round pick (88th overall, Rangers selected Joey Keane) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Eric Fehr from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Erik Gudbranson to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 19, 2018
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Nicolas Deslauriers to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired goaltender Petr Mrazek from the Detroit Red Wings for a conditional third-round pick (originally a fourth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft, if Flyers make the playoffs in 2017/18 and Mrazek wins 5 regular season games, the Red Wings receive a third-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft, if Flyers advance to the Conference Finals, the Red Wings receive a second-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft, first condition fulfilled; 81st overall, Red Wings selected Seth Barton) and a conditional third-round pick (if Flyers re-sign Mrazek) in the 2019 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Michal Kempny from the Chicago Blackhawks for a conditional third-round pick (the higher between Washington's own and Toronto's third-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft; previously acquired from Toronto via New Jersey, later traded to Arizona) in the 2018 NHL Draft.

Feb 16, 2018
Calgary Flames: Signed center Mikael Backlund to a six-year contract extension.

Feb 15, 2018
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Ville Pokka from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Christopher DiDomenico.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Nikita Soshnikov from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a fourth-round pick in the 2019 NHL Draft.

Feb 13, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Dennis Rasmussen.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Dion Phaneuf and center Nate Thompson from the Ottawa Senators for right wing Marian Gaborik and center Nick Shore.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Charlie Lindgren to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 12, 2018
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Colton Sceviour to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 10, 2018
Washington Capitals: Signed center Lars Eller to a five-year contract extension.

Feb 9, 2018
New York Rangers: Acquired center John Albert and defenseman Hubert Labrie from the Washington Capitals for right wings Adam Chapie and Joe Whitney.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Ben Harpur to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 8, 2018
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Viktor Loov from the New Jersey Devils for center Christoph Bertschy and left wing Marion Lucia.

Feb 7, 2018
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Darren Archibald.

Feb 5, 2018
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired defenseman Zachary Leslie from the Los Angeles Kings for future considerations.

Feb 3, 2018
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Andrew O'Brien from the Nashville Predators for right wing Mark McNeill.

Jan 31, 2018
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Eddie Pasquale from the Edmonton Oilers for future considerations.

Jan 26, 2018
Ottawa Senators: Claimed left wing Magnus Paajarvi off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.

Jan 25, 2018
New York Rangers: Claimed left wing Cody McLeod off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Jan 24, 2018
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Nathan Gerbe to a one-year contract.

Jan 22, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired defenseman John Ramage from the Columbus Blue Jackets for future considerations.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired goaltender Jeff Zatkoff from the Los Angeles Kings for future considerations.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of center Marc Savard.

Jan 17, 2018
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed left wing Jussi Jokinen off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Jan 16, 2018
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Jon Merrill to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 15, 2018
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed right wing Logan Shaw off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Deryk Engelland to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 14, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed right wing J.T. Brown off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Jan 12, 2018
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Andrew Cogliano to a three-year contract extension.

Jan 10, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired right wing Richard Panik and center Laurent Dauphin from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Anthony Duclair and defenseman Adam Clendening.

Jan 9, 2018
Nashville Predators: Signed defensemen Yannick Weber and Matt Irwin to two-year contract extensions; signed defenseman Anthony Bitetto to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 4, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Claimed center Freddie Hamilton off waivers from the Calgary Flames.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired goaltender Al Montoya from the Montreal Canadiens for a conditional fourth-round pick (originally a fifth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft, if Montoya plays at least 30 minutes in seven or more regular season games in 2017-18, the Canadiens receive a fourth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft, condition fulfilled; later traded to San Jose) in the 2018 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Scott Mayfield to a five-year contract extension.

Jan 3, 2018
Arizona Coyotes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Emerson Etem.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Jonathan Marchessault to a six-year contract extension.
