Oct 31, 2025
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Jacob Markström to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Ivan Miroshnichenko to a two-year contract extension.

Oct 30, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Martin Necas to an eight-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Christian Kyrou from the Dallas Stars for right wing Samu Tuomaala.

Oct 29, 2025
Utah Mammoth: Signed center Logan Cooley to an eight-year contract extension.

Oct 28, 2025
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Thomas Harley to an eight-year contract extension.

Oct 27, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Tristen Nielsen to a two-year contract.

Oct 25, 2025
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Nathan Aspinall to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Carter Hart to a two-year contract.

Oct 24, 2025
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Lukas Reichel from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Sheldon Rempal.

Oct 17, 2025
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Oskar Olausson from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Kyle Masters.

Oct 16, 2025
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of right wing Cam Atkinson.

Oct 15, 2025
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired goaltender Pheonix Copley from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations.
San Jose Shars: Claimed defenseman Vincent Iorio off waivers from the Washington Capitals.

Oct 14, 2025
Florida Panthers: Claimed defenseman Donovan Sebrango off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.

Oct 13, 2025
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Lane Hutson to an eight-year contract extension.

Oct 12, 2025
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Jonah Gadjovich to a two-year contract extension.

Oct 8, 2025
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Jack Roslovic to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Mattias Ekholm to a three-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Georgii Romanov to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Jack Eichel to an eight-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Kyle Connor to an eight-year contract extension.

Oct 7, 2025
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Adam Erne to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Noah Gregor to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Luke Glendening to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed right wing Alexander Holtz to a two-year contract.

Cot 6, 2025
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Connor McDavid to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Jake Walman to a seven-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Conor Sheary to a one-year contract.
Utah Mammoth: Signed center Kevin Rooney to a one-year contract.

Oct 5, 2025
Buffalo Sabres: Claimed goaltender Colten Ellis off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Matt Grzelcyk to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Ryan Ellis and a conditional sixth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Artem Guryev and left wing Carl Grundström.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed center Curtis Douglas off waivers from the Utah Mammoth.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed goaltender Cayden Primeau off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes; claimed left wing Sammy Blais off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Jeremy Davies to a two-year contract.

Oct 4, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed goaltender Brandon Bussi off waivers from the Florida Panthers.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Filip Gustavsson to a five-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Nikita Chibrikov to a two-year contract extension.

Oct 3, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Givani Smith to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Luke Evangelista to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Kurtis MacDermid from the New Jersey Devils for center Zack MacEwen.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Julius Miettinen to a three-year contract.

Oct 2, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Jackson LaCombe to an eight-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Claimed defenseman Ilya Solovyov off waivers from the Calgary Flames.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Christian Jaros.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Niko Mikkola to an eight-year contract extension; claimed right wing Cole Schwindt off waivers from the Vegas Golden Knights.
Minnesota Wild: Claimed defenseman Daemon Hunt off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.

Oct 1, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of defenseman Erik Johnson.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired goaltender Connor Ingram from the Utah Mammoth for future considerations.
Nashville Predators: Claimed center Tyson Jost off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Luke Hughes to a seven-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed goaltender Pheonix Copley off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Sep 30, 2025
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Kirill Kaprizov to an eight-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of left wing Max Pacioretty.

Sep 28, 2025
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Anthony Stolarz to a four-year contract extension.

Sep 27, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Mason McTavish to a six-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Announced the retirement of goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Cam Fowler to a three-year contract extension.

Sep 23, 2025
Dallas Stars: Signed center Jaxon Fuder to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Vasily Podkolzin to a three-year contract.

Sep 22, 2025
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Chase Wutzke to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Riley Patterson and right wing Gabe Chiarot to three-year contracts.

Sep 20, 2025
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Dominic James to a two-year contract.

Sep 17, 2025
Calgary Flames: Signed center Mikael Backlund to a two-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Wyatt Kaiser to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Nathan Walker to a two-year contract.

Sep 14, 2025
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired goaltender Ivan Fedotov from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Sep 13, 2025
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Spencer Knight to a three-year contract extension.

Sep 11, 2025
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Alexandar Georgiev to a one-year contract.

Sep 10, 2025
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Nikita Susuyev and right wing Justin Carbonneau to three-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Michael Misa to a three-year contract.

Sep 9, 2025
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Dustin Wolf to a seven-year contract extension.

Sep 5, 2025
Calgary Flames: Signed center Connor Zary to a three-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of center Derek Ryan.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Carey Price and a fifth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Gannon Laroque.

Sep 4, 2025
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Tucker Robertson from the Seattle Kraken for center Jon-Randall Avon.

Sep 3, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Rodwin Dionicio.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Donovan Sebrango to a one-year contract.

Sep 2, 2025
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Daniil Prokhorov to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Dennis Hildeby to a three-year contract extension.

Aug 27, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Ivan Ryabkin to a three-year contract.

Aug 25, 2025
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of defenseman Tyson Barrie.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Cameron Crotty, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract; re-signed center Jan Jenik to a one-year contract.

Aug 22, 2025
Florida Panthers: Signed center Luke Kunin to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Marco Rossi to a three-year contract.

Aug 21, 2025
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Frank Nazar to a seven-year contract extension.

Aug 20, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Victor Olofsson to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Brady Martin to a three-year contract.

Aug 18, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Alex Gagne to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Hudson Fasching to a one-year contract.

Aug 17, 2025
New York Rangers: Re-signed goaltenders Talyn Boyko and Dylan Garand to one-year contracts.

Aug 15, 2025
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Daemon Hunt to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Travis Hamonic to a one-year contract.

Aug 14, 2025
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Michael Benning to a one-year contract.

Aug 13, 2025
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Mikael Pyyhtia to a one-year contract.

Aug 12, 2025
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Chad Ruhwedel.

Aug 11, 2025
Seattle Kraken: Re-signed defenseman Ryker Evans to a two-year contract.

Aug 9, 2025
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Nathan Bastian to a one-year contract.

Aug 8, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Joel Kiviranta to a one-year contract.

Aug 5, 2025
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman William Villeneuve to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Vitali Kravtsov to a one-year contract.

Aug 4, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Sam Colangelo to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Matthew Schaefer to a three-year contract.

Aug 2, 2025
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Nicholas Robertson to a one-year contract.

Aug 1, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Tim Washe to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed righ wing Alex Laferriere to a three-year contract.

Jul 31, 2025
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed goaltender Devon Levi to a two-year contract.

Jul 30, 2025
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Martin Pospisil to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Dylan Samberg to a three-year contract.

Jul 28, 2025
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Jayden Struble to a two-year contract.

Jul 27, 2025
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Conor Timmins to a two-year contract.

Jul 26, 2025
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed goaltender Arvid Soderblom to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Nikita Alexandrov to a one-year contract.

Jul 25, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Danil Gushchin from the San Jose Sharks for center Oskar Olausson; re-signed left wing Danil Gushchin to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Maxim Tsyplakov to a two-year contract.

Jul 24, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Jackson Blake to an eight-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Thomas Bordeleau to a one-year contract.

Jul 23, 2025
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Ethan Czata to a three-year contract.

Jul 22, 2025
Seattle Kraken: Re-signed right wing Kaapo Kakko to a three-year contract.

Jul 21, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Ronan Seeley and center Ryan Suzuki to one-year contracts.    

Jul 18, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Drew Helleson to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of goaltender Jaroslav Halak.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Xavier Bourgault to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed center Gabriel Vilardi to a six-year contract; re-signed center Parker Ford to a two-year contract.

Jul 17, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed goaltender Lukas Dostal to a five-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Yan Kuznetsov to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jeremie Poirier and center Rory Kerins to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Louis Crevier to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Wilmer Skoog to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Tobias Björnfot to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Dakota Joshua from the Vancouver Canucks for a fourth-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft.

Jul 16, 2025
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Jake Leschyshyn to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Joni Jurmo.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Domenick Fensore to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Stanislav Berezhnoy to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Dysin Mayo to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Carter Bear to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Joe Veleno to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of right wing Blake Wheeler.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Ty Voit.
Utah Mammoth: Re-signed center Cameron Hebig to a two-year contract.

Jul 15, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed goaltender Calle Clang and center Jan Mysak to one-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center John Farinacci to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Radim Mrtka to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Anton Frondell to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Miroslav Holinka to a three-year contract.
Utah Mammoth: Re-signed center Michael Carcone to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Tyrel Bauer to a one-year contract.

Jul 14, 2025
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Bowen Byram to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Skyler Brind'Amour to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Travis Mitchell to a one-year contract; signed left wing Viktor Eklund to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Jack Thompson to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed center Morgan Barron to a two-year contract.

Jul 13, 2025
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired goaltender Arturs Silovs from the Vancouver Canucks for right wing Chase Stillman and a fourth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Scott Sabourin to a one-year contract.

Jul 11, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Gavin Bayreuther to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Michael Milne to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Jeff Skinner to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Isaak Phillips, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract.

Jul 10, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Josh Manson to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Vladislav Kolyachonok from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Matt Dumba and a second-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Mackie Samoskevich to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Jakub Skarek to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Henry Thrun from the San Jose Sharks for right wing Ryan Reaves.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Aleksei Medvedev to a three-year contract.

Jul 9, 2025
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Sam Morton to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Antonio Stranges to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Benjamin Kindel to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Braeden Cootes to a three-year contract.

Jul 8, 2025
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Isaac Howard from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Sam O'Reilly; signed left wing Isaac Howard to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Adam Beckman to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of center Riley Nash.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Nikita Tolopilo to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jett Woo to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed defenseman Lukas Cormier to a one-year contract.

Jul 7, 2025
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of center Tyler Johnson.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of center Zac Dalpe.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Cameron York to a five-year contract.
Utah Mammoth: Re-signed center Jack McBain to a five-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Sheldon Rempal to a one-year contract.

Jul 6, 2025
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed goaltender Jakub Dobes to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Marc Gatcomb to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Brendan Brisson to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Vadim Zherenko and defenseman Hunter Skinner to one-year contracts.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed left wing Jonas Rondbjerg and right wing Cole Schwindt to one-year contracts; signed center Raphael Lavoie to a one-year contract.

Jul 5, 2025
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Dmitri Voronkov to a two-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Re-signed center Tye Kartye to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Hendrix Lapierre to a one-year contract; signed left wing Lynden Lakovic to a three-year contract.

Jul 4, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Alex Barre-Boulet to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced the retirement of right wing Christian Fischer.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Jake O'Brien to a three-year contract.

Jul 3, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Nikolaj Ehlers, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a six-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Mackenzie Entwistle to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman William Trudeau to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Trey Fix-Wolansky to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Dmitry Orlov, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract; claimed defenseman Nick Leddy off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Milton Gästrin to a three-year contract; signed left wing Anthony Beauvillier to a two-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Mason Shaw to a one-year contract.

Jul 2, 2025
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Morgan Frost to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Tyson Jost to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Noel Gunler to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Brent Burns to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Mason Appleton, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Elmer Soderblom to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Curtis Lazar to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Logan Brown, defenseman Samuel Bolduc and right wing Taylor Ward to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Matt Kiersted, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Nicolas Aube-Kubel, left wing Bradley Marek and goaltender Cal Petersen to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Marc Del Gaizo ot a one-year contract; re-signed center Sean Farrell to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Thomas Bordeleau from the San Jose Sharks for center Shane Bowers; re-signed center Cody Glass to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Emil Heineman to a two-year contract; signed right wing Maxim Shabanov to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Arthur Kaliyev and goaltender Hunter Shepard to one-year contracts; re-signed right wing Hayden Hodgson to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Jackson Parsons to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Philip Kemp, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Alexander Alexeyev, right wing Anthony Mantha and left wing Rafael Harvey-Pinard to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Pius Suter, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Pavol Regenda to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Jakob Pelletier, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Pierre-Olivier Joseph to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Kaedan Korczak to a four-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Louie Belpedio, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Graeme Clarke and defenseman Calle Rosen to one-year contracts.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Gustav Nyquist, right wing Walker Duehr, goaltender Isaac Poulter, defenseman Kale Clague and left wing Samuel Fagemo to one-year contracts.

Jul 1, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Mikael Granlund, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Viktor Arvidsson from the Edmonton Oilers for a fifth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft; signed right wing Tanner Jeannot, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a five-year contract; signed right wing Matej Blumel, goaltender Luke Cavallin, defensemen Jordan Harris and Jonathan Aspirot, left wing Riley Tufte and center Alex Steeves to one-year contracts; signed center Michael Eyssimont, who had been with the Seattle Kraken, to a two-year contract; signed center Sean Kuraly, who had been with the ..., to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Ryan Johnson to a three-year contract extension, signed goaltender Alex Lyon to a one-year contract; re-signed center Tyson Kozak to a three-year contract; signed right wing Justin Danforth, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Mason Geertsen, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract; re-signed center Ryan McLeod to a four-year contract; signed defensemen Zachary Jones and Zach Metsa to one-year contracts; signed center Riley Fiddler-Schultz to a two-year contract; signed right wing Carson Meyer, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Joel Hanley to a two-year contract extension; signed goaltender Ivan Prosvetov and defenseman Nick Cicek to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Sam Lafferty from the Buffalo Sabres for a sixth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft; signed center Dominic Toninato, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract. 
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Logan Stankoven to an eight-year contract extension; signed goaltender Amir Miftakhov and defenseman Mike Reilly to one-year contracts; acquired defenseman K'Andre Miller from the New York Rangers for defenseman Scott Morrow, a conditional first-round pick (top-10 protected, the better of either Dallas or Carolina's pick) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Cayden Primeau to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Parker Kelly to a four-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jack Ahcan and center T.J. Tynan to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Ronald Attard to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Christian Jaros to a one-year contract; re-signed center Owen Sillinger to a one-year contract; signed center Isac Lundeström, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Colin Blackwell to a two-year contract; signed center Radek Faksa, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wings John Leonard and James van Riemsdyk and defensemen Jacob Bernard-Docker and Ian Mitchell to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Andrew Mangiapane, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Matt Tomkins, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Riley Stillman, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Tomas Nosek and goaltender Daniil Tarasov to one-year contracts; signed center Jack Studnicka, defenseman Nolan Foote and goaltender Brandon Bussi to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Kirill Gerasimyuk to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Joel Armia, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Corey Perry, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Brian Dumoulin, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Cody Ceci, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Anton Forsberg, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a two-year contract; signed center Cole Guttman, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Nico Sturm, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed center Tyler Pitlick, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Ben Gleason to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Zack Bolduc from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Logan Mailloux; signed goaltender Kaapo Kahkonen, defenseman Nathan Clurman, right wing Alex Belzile and left wing Sammy Blais to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Nicklaus Perbix, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Jake Allen to five-year contract extension; signed right wing Connor Brown, who had been with the Edmonton Oilres, to a four-year contract; signed left wing Angus Crookshank, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Dennis Cholowski and Calen Addison and right wing Evgenii Dadonov to one-year contracts.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Tony DeAngelo to a one-year contract extension; signed left wing Jonathan Drouin, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Ethan Bear and Cole McWard, center Matthew Highmore and goaltender David Rittich to one-year contracts; re-signed right wing Simon Holmström to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Vladislav Gavrikov, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a seven-year contract; signed center Justin Dowling, who had been with the ..., to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman K'Andre Miller to an eight-year contract; re-signed left wing Will Cuylle to a two-year contract; signed right wing Taylor Raddysh, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Derrick Pouliot, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed centers Olle Lycksell and Lars Eller to one-year contracts; re-signed center Wyatt Bongiovanni to a one-year contract..
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Dan Vladar, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract;signed defensemen Noah Juulsen and Dennis Gilbert and center Lane Pederson to one-year contracts; signed left wing Christian Dvorak, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Parker Wotherspoon, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; re-signed centers Connor Dewar and Philip Tomasino to one-year contracts; signed right wing Justin Brazeau, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Caleb Jones, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Nick Bjugstad, who had been with the Utah Mammoth, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Matt Luff to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Alex Nedeljkovic from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a third-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft; signed left wing William Eklund to a three-year contract extension; re-signed center Colin White to a one-year contract; signed centers Philipp Kurashev and Jimmy Huntington and defensemen John Klingberg and Cole Clayton to one-year contracts; signed center Adam Gaudette, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a two-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Ryan Lindgren, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Matt Murray to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Gage Goncalves to a two-year contract; signed left wings Nicholas Abruzzese and Boris Katchouk to one-year contracts; signed center Pontus Holmberg, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Simon Lundmark, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Michael Pezzetta, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Dakota Mermis to a two-year contract; signed centers Travis Boyd and Vinni Lettieri to one-year contracts; signed center Benoit-Olivier Groulx to a two-year contract.
Utah Mammoth: Re-signed right wing Kailer Yamamoto to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Scott Perunovich, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Brandon Tanev, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Nate Schmidt, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Vitek Vanecek to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Conor Garland to a six-year contract extension; signed goaltender Thatcher Demko to a three-year contract extension; re-signed right wing Brock Boeser to a seven-year contract extension; signed defenseman Jimmy Schuldt, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a two-year contract; signed left wing MacKenzie MacEachern, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a two-year contract; signed center Joe Labate to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired right wing Mitch Marner from the Toronto Maple Leafs for center Nicolas Roy; signed defenseman Dylan Coghlan to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jaycob Megna, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Cole Reinhardt, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Martin Fehervary to a seven-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Jonathan Toews, defenseman Phillip di Giuseppe and left wings Cole Koepke and Tanner Pearson to one-year contracts.

Jun 30, 2025
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Henri Jokiharju to a three-year contract extension; signed centers John Beecher and Georgii Merkulov to one-year contract extensions; signed goaltender Michael DiPietro to a two-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Clark Bishop to a one-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired goaltender Cayden Primeau from the Montreal Canadiens for a seventh-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Sam Malinski to a one-year contract extension; signed goaltender Trent Miner to a two-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Ivan Provorov to a seven-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Albert Johansson to a two-year contract extension; signed right wings Patrick Kane and Jonatan Berggren to one-year contract extensions.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Evan Bouchard to a four-year contract extension; signed right wing Kasperi Kapanen to a one-year contract extension; signed center Noah Philp to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Aaron Ekblad to an eight-year contract extension; signed left wing Brad Marchand to a six-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Andrei Kuzmenko to a one-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired right wing Vladimir Tarasenko from the Detroit Red Wings for future considerations.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Marc McLaughlin to a one-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Alexander Romanov to an eight-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Leevi Meriläinen and center Nick Cousins to one-year contract extensions.
Seattle Kraken: Bought out the contract of center Joe Veleno.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Conor Sheary.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Mattias Maccelli from the Utah Mammoth for a conditional third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft (a second-round pick in the 2029 NHL Draft if Maccelli scores at least 50 points in the 2025/26 season and the Toronto reaches the NHL Playoffs); signed center Steven Lorentz to a three-year contract extension; signed right wing Mitch Marner to an eight-year contract extension.
Utah Mammoth: Signed defenseman Montana Onyebuchi to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Aatu Räty and left wing Arshdeep Bains to two-year contract extensions; signed defenseman Guillaume Brisebois and center Max Sasson to one-year contract extensions.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Declan Chisholm to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 29, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Ville Husso to a two-year contract extension.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Morgan Geekie to a six-year contract extension; signed center Marat Khusnutdinov to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Michael Callahan to a one-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Jack Rathbone to a two-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Kevnin Bahl to a six-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Dante Fabbro to a four-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Nicolas Hague and a third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft from the Vegas Golden Knights for center Colton Sissons (50% salary retained) and defenseman Jeremy Lauzon; signed defenseman Nicolas Hague to a four-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed center Liam Foudy and right wing Julien Gauthier to one-year contract extensions.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Claude Giroux to a one-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Matthew Knies to a six-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Justin Sourdif to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 28, 2025
Calgary Flames: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis; 211th overall, Flames selected Yan Matveiko) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for a seventh-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville via Ottawa; 67th overall Hurricanes selected Kurban Limatov) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas) in the 2026 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick (125th overall, Kings selected Jimmy Lombardi) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a third-round pick (76th overall, Blue Jackets selected Malte Vas) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for fourth-round picks in the 2025 (109th overall, Red Wings selected Brent Solomon) and 2026 NHL Drafts; acquired a seventh-round pick (198th overall, Blue Jackets selected Jeremy Loranger) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Seattle Kraken for two seventh-round picks (one previously acquired from Vegas; 205th and 218th overall, Kraken selected Karl Annborn and Loke Krantz) signed goaltender Zach Sawchenko to a one-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired goaltender John Gibson from the Anaheim Ducks for goaltender Petr Mrazek, a second-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired a fifth-round pick (131st overall, Oilers selected Asher Barnett) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for a fifth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Boston; 197th overall, Panthers selected Brendan Dunphy) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for a sixth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired second- and sixth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Chicago; 34th and 189th overall, Canadiens selected Alexander Zharovsky and Andrew MacNiel) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for two second-round picks (one previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 41st and 49th overall, Hurricanes selected Semyon Frolov and Charlie Cerrato) in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired a third-round pick (69th overall, Canadiens selected Hayden Paupanekis) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Boston Bruins for third- and fourth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Vancouver, the latter previously acquired from Detroit later traded to Tampa Bay; 79th overall, Bruins selected Cooper Simpson) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Jordan Spence from the Los Angeles Kings for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville, later traded to Carolina) in the 2025 NHL Draft and a sixth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina; 93rd overall, Senators selected Blake Vanek) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Washington Capitals for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 96th overall, Capitals selected Maxim Schäfer) in the 2025 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Connor Clifton and a second-round pick (39th overall, Penguins selected Peyton Kettles) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for defensemen Conor Timmins and Isaac Belliveau.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Joel Hofer to a two-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Acquired second- and third-round picks (36th and 68th overall, Kraken selected Blake Fiddler and Will Reynolds) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for two second-round picks (one previously acquired from Toronto via Utah and Tampa Bay; 38th and 57th overall, Flyers selected Carter Amico and Matthew Gard) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit via Montreal; 108th overall, Lightning selected Benjamin Rautiainen) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Boston Bruins for a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Utah Mammoth: Acquired a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 182nd overall, Mammoth selected Reko Alanko) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for a sixth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Ilya Safonov from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 55th overall, Golden Knights selected Jakob Ihs-Wozniak) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for second- and fourth-round picks (58th and 122nd overall, Predators selected Jack Ivankovic and Alex Huang) in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa via St. Louis; 85th overall, Golden Knights selected Mateo Nobert) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for third- and fifth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Washington; 91st and 154th overall, Penguins selected Brady Peddle and Jordan Charron) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Declan Chisholm and a sixth-round pick (180th overall, Capitals selected Aron Dahlqvist) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman Chase Priskie and a fourth-round pick (123rd overall, Wild selected Carter Klippenstein) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Haydn Fleury to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 27, 2025
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Jack Quinn to a two-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired a first-round pick (29th overall, Blackhawks selected Mason West) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for two second-round picks (one previously acquired from Dallas, one later traded to Montreal; 62nd overall, Hurricanes selected Ivan Ryabkin) in the 2025 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft. 
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Charlie Coyle and left wing Miles Wood from the Colorado Avalanche for center Gavin Brindley, a second-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft and a third-round pick (77th overall, Avalanche selected Francesco Dell'Elce) in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed center Hunter KcKown to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman William Lagesson to a two-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Trent Frederic to an eight-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Sam Bennett to an eight-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Noah Dobson from the New York Islanders for left wing Emil Heineman and two first-round picks (one previously acquired from Calgary; 16th and 17th overall, Islanders selected Victor Eklund and Kashawn Aitcheson) in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed right wing Noah Dobson to an eight-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Acquired a first-round pick (21st overall, Predators selected Cameron Reid) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 23rd overall Senators selected Logan Hensler) and a third-round pick (later traded to Carolina via Los Angeles) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers via Vancouver; 12th overall, Flyers selected Jack Nesbitt) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for two first-round picks (one previously acquired from Colorado, the other previously acquired from Edmonton, later traded to Los Angeles; 22nd overall Penguins selected Bill Zonnon) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired a first-round pick (24th overall, Penguins selected Will Horcoff) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for first- (previously acquired from Edmonton via Philadelphia; 31st overall, Kings selected Henry Brzustewicz) and second-round (previously acquired from Washington; 59th overall, Kings selected Vojtech Cihar) picks in the 2025 NHL Draft. 
San Jose Sharks: Bought out the contract of defenseman Marc-Edouard Vlasic.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center John Tavares to a four-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Brandon Saad to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 26, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Juha Jaaska to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Brandan Gaunce from the Minnesota Wild for right wing Cameron Butler.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Jamie Benn to a one-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Antti Tuomisto to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Daniil Tarasov from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fifth-round pick (160th overall, Blue Jackets selected Owen Griffin) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Seattle Kraken: Acquired center Frederick Gaudreau from the Minnesota Wild for a fourth-round pick (102nd overall, Wild selected Adam Benak) in the 2025 NHL Draft.   
Utah Hockey Club: Acquired right wing John-Jason Peterka from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Michael Kesselring and right wing Josh Doan; signed right wing John-Jason Peterka to a five-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Justin Sourdif from the Florida Panthers for a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft; signed right wing Henrik Rybinski to a one-year contract.

Jun 25, 2025
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired left wing Evander Kane from the Edmonton Oilers for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa via Edmonton; 117th overall, Oilers selected David Lewandowski) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Reilly Smith to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 24, 2025
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of left wing Matt Martin.

Jun 23, 2025
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Mason Lohrei to a two-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Justin Kirkland to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Kole Lind to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Adam Edstrom to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Trevor Zegras from the Anaheim Ducks for center Ryan Poehling, a second-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 45th overall, Ducks selected Marcus Nilson) in the 2025 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.

Jun 22, 2025
Chicago Blackhawks: Bought out the contract of defenseman T.J. Brodie.

Jun 21, 2025
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Andre Burakovsky from the Seattle Kraken for center Joe Veleno.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Matthew Stienburg to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 20, 2025
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Dryden Hunt to a two-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Eric Robinson to a four-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Jason Polin to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Cameron Hughes to a two-year contract extension; signed center Mavrik Bourque and defenseman Nils Lundkvist to one-year contract extensions.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Matthew Robertson to a two-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Cale Fleury to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 19, 2025
Dallas Stars: Signed center Matt Duchene to a four-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Fabian Zetterlund to a three-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Acquired left wing Mason Marchment from the Dallas Stars for a third-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas via the New York Rangers; 126th overall, Stars selected Brandon Gorzynski) in the 2025 NHL Draft.

Jun 18, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Nikita Nesterenko to a two-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Ryan Donato to a four-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Erik Haula from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Jeremy Hanzel and a fourth-round pick (99th overall, Devils selected Trenten Bennett) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Matt Rempe to a two-year contract extension; announced the retirement of center Nick Bonino.

Jun 17, 2025
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Ben Kraws to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Joona Koppanen to a one-year contract.

Jun 16, 2025
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Remi Poirier to a two-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Pheonix Copley to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Lassi Thomson to a one-year contract.

Jun 14, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Lucas Pettersson and right wing Melvin Fernstrom to three-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Vinzenz Rohrer to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Juho Lammikko to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Bokondji Imama to a one-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Alfons Freij to a three-year contract.

Jun 13, 2025
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Victor Söderström from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Ryan Mast and a seventh-round pick (later traded to Florida) in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Victor Söderström to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 12, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Chris Kreider and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 104th overall, Ducks selected Elijah Neuenschwander) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the New York Rangers for center Carey Terrance and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 89th overall, Rangers selected Artyom Gonchar) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Michal Postava to a two-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed left wing Ben McCartney to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 10, 2025
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Adam Klapka to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 9, 2025
Washington Capitals: Announced the retirement of right wing T.J. Oshie.

Jun 8, 2025
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Jack Finley to a three-year contract extension.

Jun 7, 2025
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Viljami Marjala to a two-year contract.

Jun 6, 2025
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Maxwell Crozier to a three-year contract extension.

Jun 4, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Brock Nelson to a three-year contract extension.

Jun 3, 2025
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Jesse Kiiskinen to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Roby Jarventie to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Martin Chromiak to a one-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Noah Cates to a four-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Ben Meyers to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Ryan Fanti to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Steven Santini to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Derek Forbort to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 2, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of right wing Jesper Fast.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Marcus Johansson to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Tyler Kleven to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Yanni Gourde to a six-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Garin Bjorklund to a one-year contract.

Jun 1, 2025
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Kirill Kirsanov to a two-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Kaden Hammell to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2025
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Mikhail Ilyin to a three-year contract.

May 30, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Ilya Nabokov to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Adam Boqvist to a one-year contract extension; signed right wing Kyle Palmieri to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Helge Grans to a two-year contract; signed left wing Tyson Foerster to a two-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Josh Mahura to a two-year contract extension.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed center Gabe Smith to a three-year contract.

May 29, 2025
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Shakir Mukhamadullin to a one-year contract extension.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed defenseman Nick DeSimone to a one-year contract.

May 28, 2025
Seattle Kraken: Signed right wing John Hayden to a two-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed left wing Daniil But and defenseman Dmitri Simashev to three-year contracts.

May 27, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Nikita Quapp to a two-year contract.

May 23, 2025
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Tyson Jugnauth to a three-year contract.

May 22, 2025
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Wojciech Stachowiak to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Anri Ravinskis to a two-year contract.

May 20, 2025
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Lucas Ellinas to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Tuomas Uronen to a three-year contract.

May 19, 2025
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Simon Zajicek to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Egor Afanasyev to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Harrison Meneghin to a three-year contract.

May 16, 2025
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Oiva Keskinen to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Danila Yurov to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Tom Willander to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Ryan Chesley to a three-year contract.

May 15, 2025
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of center Sam Gagner.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Oscar Eklind and center Rodrigo Abols to one-year contract extensions.

May 13, 2025
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Tyson Jugnauth to a three-year contract.

May 9, 2025
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Mattias Havelid to a three-year contract.

May 8, 2025:
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Leeni Hameenaho to a three-year contract; signed right wing Nathan Legare to a one-year contract extension.

May 7, 2025
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Jonas Johansson to a two-year contract extension.

May 6, 2025
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Patrick Brown to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Ludvig Jansson to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Arseni Gritsyuk to a one-year contract.

May 5, 2025
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Nikolas Matinpalo to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Charle-Edouard D'Astous to a one-year contract.

May 3, 2025
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Matt Coronato to a seven-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Frederik Andersen to a one-year contract extension.

May 2, 2025
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Alec Regula to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Juuso Parssinen to a two-year contract extension.

May 1, 2025
Minnesota Wild: Announced the retirement of goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Will Cranley to a one-year contract.

Apr 30, 2025
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of defenseman David Savard.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Taylor Hall to a three-year contract extension.

Apr 29, 2025
Utah Hockey Club: Signed goaltender Jaxson Stauber to a two-year contract.

Apr 28, 2025
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Filip Hallander to a two-year contract.

Apr 26, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Alexander Nikishin to a two-year contract.

Apr 25, 2025
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Riley Mercer to a three-year contract.

Apr 24, 2025
Utah Hockey Club: Signed left wing Michal Kunc to a one-year contract.

Apr 23, 2025
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of right wing Cal Clutterbuck.

Apr 21, 2025
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Bogdan Trineyev to a one-year contract.

Apr 20, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Zakhar Bardakov to a one-year contract.

Apr 19, 2025
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Ty Emberson to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 18, 2025
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Andeas Englund to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Leo Sahlin Wallenius to a three-year contract.

Apr 17, 2025
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Neal Pionk to a six-year contract extension.

Apr 16, 2025
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Shane Lachance to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Nic Dowd to a two-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Alex Iafallo to a three-year contract extension.

Apr 15, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Konnor Smith to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of left wing Patrick Maroon and defenseman Alec Martinez.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Jared Wright to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Alex Bump and right wing Devin Kaplan to three-year contracts.

Apr 14, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Timmy Washe to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Arsenii Sergeev to a two-year contract; signed left wing Carter King to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Quinn Hutson to a two-year contract.

Apr 13, 2025
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Ryan Greene to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Atro Leppänen to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Zeev Buium to a three-year contract.

Apr 12, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Ian Moore to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Aidan Thompson to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Arno Tiefensee to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Samuel Jonsson to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Jack Devine to a three-year contract.

Apr 11, 2025
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Alexander Nikishin to a two-year contract.

Apr 10, 2025
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Navrin Mutter to a one-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Blake Smith to a three-year contract.

Apr 9, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Carey Terrance to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Matt Murray to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Patrick Thomas to a three-year contract.

Apr 8, 2025
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wings Ivan Demidov amd Tyler Thorpe to three-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Anton Blidh to a two-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed centers Andrei Loshko and Nathan Villeneuve to three-year contracts.
Winnipeg Jets: Announced the retirement of center Chaz Lucius.

Apr 7, 2025
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Nathaniel Day to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Magnus Chrona to a one-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Kieron Walton to a three-year contract.

Apr 4, 2025
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Jacob Fowler to a three-year contract.

Apr 3, 2025
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Dalton Bancroft to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing David Tomasek to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Anton Lundmark to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Kenny Connors to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed Cole O'Hara to a two-year contract.

Apr 2, 2025
Calgary Flames: Signed Aydar Suniev to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Josh Samanski to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Callum Tung to a two-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed defenseman Thomas Lavoie to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Jackson Hallum to a two-year contract.

Apr 1, 2025
Boston Bruins: Signed center Dans Locmelis to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Taige Harding to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Damien Carfagna to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Otto Salin to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Joey Larson to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Trevor Connelly to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Spencer Smallman to a two-year contract.

Mar 31, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Taylor Makar to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Guillaume Richard to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Harrison Scott to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Gabe Perreault to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman David Gucciardi to a two-year contract; signed right wing Ryan Leonard to a three-year contract.

Mar 30, 2025
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Jimmy Snuggerud to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Lucas Mercuri from the Carolina Hurricanes for a sixth-round pick (183rd overall, Hurricanes selected Viggo Nordlund) in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed right wing Connor Kurth and center Lucas Mercuri to two-year contracts.

Mar 39, 2025
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Jacob Battaglia to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Oliver Moore and defenseman Sam Rinzel to three-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Matthew Wood to a three-year contract.

Mar 28, 2025
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Topias Leinonen to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Karsen Dorwart to a two-year contract.

Mar 27, 2025
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Charlie Elick to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Cameron Whitehead to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Dylan McIllrath to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 26, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Cooper Gay and goaltender Isak Posch to two-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Caleb MacDonald to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Charlie Elick to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jared Woolley to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Ty Murchison to a two-year contract.

Mar 25, 2025
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Tyler Kopff to a two-year contract..
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Owen Say to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Jack Williams to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Ayrton Martino to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Ethan Edwards to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Lukas Fischer and center Adam Jecho to three-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Noah Beck to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Robert Flinton to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Luke Haymes to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Jacob Chychrun to an eight-year contract extension.

Mar 24, 2025
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Trey Taylor.

Mar 23, 2025
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Jackson Dorrington to a three-year contract.

Mar 22, 2025
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Eduards Tralmaks to a one-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Stevie Leskovar to a three-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed center Gleb Veremeyev to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Cameron Lund to a three-year contract extension.

Mar 20, 2025
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Jacob Bryson to a one-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Joe Hicketts to a two-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman John Prokop to a one-year contract.

Mar 18, 2025
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Evan Gardner to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Lucas Condotta to a two-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed center Noah Laba to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Aku Koskenvuo to a two-year contract.

Mar 14, 2025
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Xavier Parent to a one-year contract; acquired defenseman Tory Dello from the Detroit Red Wings for future considerations.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Linus Karlsson to a one-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Adin Hill to a six-year contract extension.

Mar 13, 2025
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Anton Johansson to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Avery Hayes to a two-year contract.

Mar 12, 2025
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Jonathan Quick to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 11, 2025
Dallas Stars: Signed center Angus MacDonell to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Daniel Laatsch to a two-year contract.

Mar 10, 2025
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Andre Lee to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Chase Pietila to a three-year contract.

Mar 7, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Oliver Kylington from the New York Islanders for future considerations.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Henri Jokiharju from the Buffalo Sarbes for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton) in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Daniil Misyul from the New Jersey Devils for center Marc McLaughlin.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Jason Zucker to a two-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Mark Jankowski from the Nashville Predators for a fifth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Joe Veleno from the Detroit Red Wings for goaltender Petr Mrazek and right wing Craig Smith; acquired defensemen Shea Weber and Victor Söderström and right wing Aku Räty from the Utah Hockey Club for a fifth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Charlie Coyle and a fifth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Boston Bruins for center Casey Mittelstadt, left wing William Zellers and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina; 61st overall, Bruins selected Liam Pettersson) in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Wyatt Aamodt to a two-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Luke Kunin from the San Jose Sharks for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis; 115th overall, Sharks selected Ilya Magomedsultanov) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing Mikko Rantanen from the Carolina Hurricanes for right wing Logan Stankoven, first-round picks in the 2026 and 2028 NHL Drafts and third-round picks in the 2026 and 2027 NHL Drafts; signed right wing Mikko Rantanen to an eight-year contract extension; signed center Wyatt Johnston to a five-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Jake Walman from the San Jose Sharks for a conditional (top-twelve protected) first-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft and center Carl Berglund.
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Brad Marchand (50% salary retained) from the Boston Bruins for a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick in Florida wins two rounds in the 2025 NHL Playoffs and Marchand plays in 50% of the games) in the 2027 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Andrei Kuzmenko and a seventh-round pick (196th overall, Kings selected Brendan McMorrow) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Dennis Cholowski from the New York Islanders for left wing Adam Beckman; acquired right wing Daniel Sprong from the Seattle Kraken for a seventh-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Cody Glass and left wing Jonathan Gruden from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Chase Stillman, center Max Graham and a third-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Jonathan Kovacevic to a five-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Nicolas Aube-Kubel from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Erik Brännström; signed defenseman Urho Vaakanainen to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Dylan Cozens, defenseman Dennis Gilbert and a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for center Josh Norris and defenseman Jacob Bernard-Docker; acquired left wing Fabian Zetterlund, center Tristen Robins and a fourth-round pick (97th overall, Senators selected Lucas Beckman) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for center Zack Ostapchuk, right wing Noah Gregor and a second-round pick (53rd overall, Sharks selected Cole McKinney) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Givani Smith from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Erik Johnson.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Conor Timmins and center Connor Dewar from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a fifth-round pick (137th overall, Maple Leafs selected William Belle) in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Ryan Shea to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Gabriel Carriere to a one-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Scott Laughton and fourth- and sixth-round picks (the former later traded to Boston) in the 2025 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Nikita Grebenkin and a conditional (top-ten protected) first-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Brandon Carlo from the Boston Bruins for center Fraser Minten, a conditional (top-five protected) first-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 100th overall, Bruins selected Vashek Richards) in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired center Reese Johnson from the Minnesota Wild for future considerations.
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Anthony Beauvillier from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a second-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired left wing Brandon Tanev from the Seattle Kraken for a second-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Luke Schenn from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft.

Mar 6, 2025
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Tyler Pitlick to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Brock Nelson and right wing William Dufour from the New York Islanders for center Calum Ritchie, a conditional first-round pick in the 2026 or 2027 NHL Draft, a conditional third-round pick (if Colorado wins the 2025 Stanley Cup and Nelson plays in at least 50% of the playoff games) in the 2028 NHL Draft and defenseman Oliver Kylington.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed right wing Christian Fischer off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Nico Sturm and a seventh-round pick in the 2027 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft; acquired goaltender Kaapo Kähkönen from the Winnipeg Jets for goaltender Chris Driedger; signed goaltender Evan Cormier to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired right wing Justin Brazeau from the Boston Bruins for center Marat Khusnutdinov, left wing Jakub Lauko and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston) in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Claimed defenseman Jordan Oesterle off waivers from the Boston Bruins; claimed left wing Jakub Vrana off waivers from the Washington Capitals.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Carson Soucy from the Vancouver Canucks for a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose via Vegas; 65th overall, Canucks selected Kieren Dervin) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Colten Ellis toa two-year contract extension.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed center Cameron Hebig to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired right wing Reilly Smith from the New York Rangers for left wing Brendan Brisson and a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose, later traded to Vancouver) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Jacob Julien to a three-year contract.

Mar 5, 2025
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Jordan Greenway to a two-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Adam Scheel to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Mathieu Olivier to a six-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired center Yanni Gourde (50% salary retained) from the Seattle Kraken for defenseman Kyle Aucoin; signed left wing Austin Watson to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Vitek Vanecek from the San Jose Sharks for right wing Patrick Giles; signed center Jesper Boqvist to a two-year contract extension; signed right wing Jesse Puljujarvi to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Jake Evans to a four-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Brian Dumoulin (50% salary retained) from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing Herman Träff and a conditional second-round pick (the higher of Edmonton's or Winnipeg's picks; previously acquired from Winnipeg; 60th overall, Ducks selected Lasse Boelius) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center Tommy Novak and defenseman Luke Schenn from the Nashville Predators for left wing Michael Bunting and a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Vincent Desharnais from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fifth-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Yanni Gourde (25% salary retained) from the Detroit Red Wings for a conditional fourth-round pick (119th overall, Red Wings selected Michal Svrcek) in the 2025 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Kyle Aucoin, right wing Oliver Bjorkstrand and a fifth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Seattle Kraken for center Mikey Eyssimont, a conditional first-round pick in the 2026 or 2027 NHL Draft, a conditional first-round pick in the 2027 or 208 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft (previously acquired from Toronto via Utah, later traded to Philadelphia); signed center Logan Brown to a one-year contract extension.
Utah Hockey CLub: Signed goaltender Karel Vejmelka to a five-year contract extension; signed defenseman Ian Cole and center Alex Kerfoot to one-year contract extensions.

Mar 4, 2025:
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Max Wanner, a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft (previously acquired from St. Louis via Pittsburgh and St. Louis) and a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for right wing Petr Hauser and left wing Max Jones.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Trent Frederic (25% salary retained) from the New Jersey Devils for left wing Shane Lachance.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Trent Frederic (50% salary retained) from the Boston Bruins for right wing Petr Hauser.

Mar 3, 2025
Nashville Predators: Signed center Joey Willis to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Finn Harding to a three-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Signed defenseman Olli Määttä to a three-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Trent Swick to a three-year contract; signed center Kai Uchacz and right wing Braden Bowman to two-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Charlie Lindgren to a three-year contract extension.

Mar 1, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defensemen Ryan Lindgren and Hank Kempf and left wing Jimmy Vesey from the New York Rangers for right wing Juuso Pärssinen, defenseman Calvin de Haan and conditional second- and fourth-round picks (the former previously acquired from the NY Rangers via Utah, the latter previously acquired from Vancouver; 43rd and 11th overall, Rangers selected Malcolm Spence and Mikkel Eriksen) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Seth Jones ($2.5m salary retained) and a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for goaltender Spencer Knight and a conditional first-round pick in the 2026 or 2027 NHL Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired right wing Gustav Nyquist from the Nashville Predators for a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Borya Valis to a three-year contract.

Feb 28, 2025
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Tyler Tucker to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 26, 2025
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed defenseman Travis Dermott off waivers from the Minnesota Wild.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Joseph Cecconi from the Minnesota Wild for center Tyler Madden.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Anthony Angello from the Nashville Predators for right wing Jesse Ylonen.

Feb 24, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired goaltender Ville Husso from the Detroit Red Wings for future considerations.

Feb 22, 2025
Winnipeg Jets: Signed right wing Vladislav Namestnikov to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 21, 2025
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Kevin Lankinen to a five-year contract extension.

Feb 18, 2025
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Grigori Denisenko from the Vegas Golden Knights for future considerations.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Drew O'Connor to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 14, 2025
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Sam Steel to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 13, 2025
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Mathias Laferriere from the St. Louis Blues for right wing Corey Andonovski.

Feb 10, 2025
Nashville Predators: Claimed defenseman Andreas Englund off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Feb 9, 2025
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Adam Wilsby to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Jesse Puljujarvi; claimed defenseman Vladislav Kolyachonok off waivers from the Utah Hockey Club.

Feb 7, 2025
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Mark Friedman from the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations.

Feb 5, 2025
Minnesota Wild: Claimed right wing Vinnie Hinostroza off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Marcus Pettersson to a six-year contract extension.

Feb 3, 2025
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Brandon Halverson to a two-year contract.
Utah Hockey Club: Acquired right wing Sammy Walker from the Minnesota Wild for future considerations.

Feb 1, 2025
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Mikael Granlund and defenseman Cody Ceci from the San Jose Sharks for a first-round pick (30th overall, Sharks selected Joshua Ravensbergen) in the 2025 NHL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if Dallas reaches the Stanley Cup Final, condition not fulfilled; previously acquired from Winnipeg via San Jose; 124th overall, Sharks selected Zack Sharp) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Corey Schueneman to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Hardy Häman Aktell.

Jan 31, 2025
New York Islanders: Claimed defenseman Adam Boqvist off waivers from the Florida Panthers.
New York Rangers: Acquired center J.T. Miller and defensemen Erik Brännström and Jackson Dorrington from the Vancouver Canucks for center Filip Chytil, defenseman Victor Mancini and a conditional first-round pick (a  2025 pick if the Rangers' first-round pick in 2025 is inside of the top thirteen selections, otherwise an unprotected 2026 pick; later traded to Philadelphia via Pittsburgh) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Brandon Saad.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Marcus Pettersson and left wing Drew O'Connor from the Pittsburgh Penguins for left wing Danton Heinen, defenseman Vincent Desharnais, right wing Melvin Fernström and a conditional first-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers, later traded to Philadelphia) in the 2025 NHL Draft. 
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Brandon Saad to a one-year contract.

Jan 30, 2025
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Joel Farabaee and center Morgan Frost from the Philadelphia Flyers for left wings Andrei Kuzmenko and Jakob Pelletier, a second-round pick (48th overall, Flyers selected Shane Vansaghi) in the 2025 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2028 NHL Draft.

Jan 29, 2025
St. Louis Blues: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Marcus Sylvegård.
Utah Hockey Club: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Milos Kelemen.

Jan 27, 2025
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Dominik Shine to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Scott Perunovich from the St. Louis Blues for a conditional fifth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Logan Thompson to a six-year contract extension.

Jan 25, 2025
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Colin White to a one-year contract. 
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Ryder Korczak from the New York Rangers for right wing Lucas Edmonds.

Jan 24, 2025
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Mikko Rantanen from the Colorado Avalanche for left wing Nils Juntorp.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Mikko Rantanen (50% salary retained) and left wing Taylor Hall from the Chicago Blackhawks for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago; 66th overall, Chicago selected Nathan Behm) in the 2025 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Jack Drury, right wing Martin Necas, a second-round pick (later traded to Boston) in the 2025 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for left wing Nils Juntorp.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Tony DeAngelo to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Will Borgen to a five-year contract extension.

Jan 23, 2025
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Anthony Spellacy to a three-year contract.

Jan 22, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Justin Bailey from the San Jose Sharks for left wing Pavol Regenda.
San Jose Sharks: Claimed right wing Walker Duehr off waivers from the Calgary Flames.

Jan 18, 2025
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman John Klingberg to a one-year contract.

Jan 17, 2025
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Jake Christiansen to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 15, 2025
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired defenseman Isaak Phillips from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Dmitry Kuzmin.

Jan 13, 2025
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Zach Aston-Reese to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 10, 2025
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Ridly Greig to a four-year contract extension.

Jan 7, 2025
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Dylan Ferguson to a one-year contract.

Jan 6, 2025
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Frank Vatrano to a three-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Claimed right wing Arthur Kaliyev off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Jan 5, 2025
Utah Hockey Club: Claimed defenseman Nick DeSimone off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.

Jan 3, 2025
Boston Bruins: Signed center Mark Kastelic to a three-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Colton Poolman from the Buffalo Sabres for left wing Bennett MacArthur.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Philippe Myers to a two-year contract extension; claimed defenseman Dakota Mermis off waivers from the Utah Hockey Club.

Jan 2, 2025
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Keaton Middleton to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Oscar Bäck to a two-year contract extension.
