Dec 30, 2016
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Calvin Thurkauf to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Tyler Benson to a three-year contract.

Dec 29, 2016
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Robert Bortuzzo to a two-year contract extension.

Dec 28, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Artemi Panarin to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Brett Howden to a three-year contract.

Dec 24, 2016
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Mathieu Joseph to a three-year contract.

Dec 23, 2016
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Vitaly Abramov to a three-year contract.

Dec 22, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of center David Legwand.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Filip Chlapik to a three-year contract.

Dec 21, 2016
New York Islanders: Signed center Stephen Gionta to a one-year contract.

Dec 20, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Sam Steel to a three-year contract.

Dec 11, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Claimed center Josh Jooris off waivers from the New York Rangers.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Jesse Gabrielle to a three-year contract.

Dec 9, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired center Peter Holland from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional sixth-round pick (if Coyotes re-sign or trade Holland, condition not fulfilled) in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Cal Clutterbuck to a five-year contract extension.

Dec 6, 2016
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Logan Stanley to a three-year contract.

Dec 3, 2016
Nashville Predators: Claimed center Reid Boucher off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.

Nov 30, 2016
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Adam Pardy to a one-year contract.

Nov 29, 2016
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of center Travis Moen.

Nov 28, 2016
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Cody Goloubef from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Ryan Stanton.

Nov 25, 2016
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of defenseman Matt Carle.

Nov 24, 2016
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Ben Hutton to a two-year contract extension.

Nov 22, 2016
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Brent Burns to an eight-year contract extension.

Nov 21, 2016
New York Rangers: Claimed left wing Matt Puempel off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.

Nov 19, 2016
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Danny Kristo from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Reid McNeill.

Nov 18, 2016
Winnipeg Jets: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Axel Blomqvist.

Nov 17, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of right wing Patrick Kaleta.

Nov 16, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Logan Shaw from the Florida Panthers for center Michael Sgarbossa.

Nov 14, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Jakub Nakladal.

Nov 13, 2016
Calgary Flames: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Nicklas Grossmann.

Nov 12, 2016
Florida Panthers: Claimed center Seth Griffith off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right wing Petr Straka from the Philadelphia Flyers for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2017 or 2018 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 11, 2016
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Brandon Gignac to a three-year contract.

Nov 8, 2016
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Dylan McIlrath from the New York Rangers for defenseman Steven Kampfer and a conditional seventh-round pick (if McIlrath plays 30 games in the 2016-17 NHL season, condition not fulfilled) in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 7, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Alex DeBrincat to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Jacob Trouba to a two-year contract.

Nov 5, 2016
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of left wing John Scott.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of left wing Raffi Torres.

Nov 3, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Mason Raymond.
New York Rangers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Calle Andersson.

Nov 2, 2016
Ottawa Senators: Acquired goaltender Mike Condon from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fifth-round pick (152nd overall, Penguins selected Jan Drozg) in the 2017 NHL Draft.

Nov 1, 2016
Detroit Red Wings: Claimed right wing Martin Frk off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.

Oct 31, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Kyle Capobianco to a three-year contract.

Oct 27, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Hampus Lindholm to a six-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of left wing Eric Nystrom.

Oct 24, 2016
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Steve Bernier to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed center Ben Smith off waivers from the Colorado Avalanche.

Oct 21, 2016
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of defenseman Douglas Murray.

Oct 20, 2016
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Matt Murray to a three-year contract extension.

Oct 19, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Announced the retirement of right wing David Moss.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Nathan Bastian to a three-year contract.

Oct 18, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of left wing Matt Ellis.

Oct 17, 2016
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Givani Smith to a three-year contract.

Oct 15, 2016
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Tom McCollum to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Justin Fontaine to a one-year contract.

Oct 14, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Rickard Rakell to a six-year contract.

Oct 13, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed left wing Emerson Etem off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Lane Pederson to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Jack Skille to a one-year contract.

Oct 12, 2016
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Mitchell Vande Sompel to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Nathan Gerbe.

Oct 11, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Rasmus Ristolainen to a six-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Kris Versteeg and defenseman Nicklas Grossmann to one-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Connor Brickley from the Florida Panthers for center Brody Sutter; claimed defenseman Klas Dahlbeck off waivers from the Arizona Coyotes.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Eric Gryba to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Devin Setoguchi to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Claimed left wing Teemu Pulkkinen off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings; announced the retirement of left wing Ruslan Fedotenko.
New Jersey Devils: Claimed right wing Pierre-Alexandre Parenteau off waivers from the New York Islanders.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed goaltender Mike Condon off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Nikita Kucherov to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed center Seth Griffith off waivers from the Boston Bruins.

Oct 10, 2016
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Johnny Gaudreau to a six-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wings Rene Bourque and Gabriel Bourque to one-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Lauri Korpikoski to a one-year contract.

Oct 9, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed right wing Martin Frk off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings; signed defenseman Jakub Nakladal to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Tim Bozon from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Jonathan Racine.

Oct 8, 2016
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Thomas Schemitsch to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Michael McLeod to a three-year contract.

Oct 7, 2016
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Kris Russell, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Nail Yakupov from the Edmonton Oilers for left wing Zach Pochiro and a conditional third-round pick (if Yakupov scores less than 15 goals in the 2016-17 season, otherwise a second-round pick in the 2018 NHL Draft; later traded to Arizona) in the 2017 NHL Draft.

Oct 6, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Jalen Smereck to a three-year contract.

Oct 5, 2016
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of center Cody Hodgson.
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Dan Boyle.

Oct 4, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Tobias Rieder to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Colby Sissons to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Maxime Lajoie to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of defenseman Barret Jackman.

Oct 3, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of center Mike Santorelli.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Colby Sissons to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Maxime Lajoie to a three-year contract.

Oct 2, 2016
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Carter Hart to a three-year contract.

Sep 30, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Graham Knott to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Frederic Allard to a three-year contract.

Sep 29, 2016
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Ondrej Vala to a three-year contract.

Sep 28, 2016
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Samuel Girard to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Kyle Quincey to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Dennis Seidenberg, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.

Sep 26, 2016
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Brad Marchand to an eight-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Nikita Nesterov to a one-year contract.

Sep 25, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Alexandre Fortin to a three-year contract.

Sep 24, 2016
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of defenseman Joey Mormina.

Sep 23, 2016
Calgary Flames: Signed center Freddie Hamilton to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Ryan Sproul to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Matt Luff to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Gabriel Gagne to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Alexander Steen to a four-year contract extension.

Sep 21, 2016
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Colton White and center Blake Speers to three-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of left wing Matt Lindblad.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Dmitry Orlov to a one-year contract.

Sep 16, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of center Shawn Horcoff.

Sep 8, 2016
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of center Paul Gaustad.

Sep 7, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Michael Leighton, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.

Sep 6, 2016
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Jonathan Huberdeau to a six-year contract extension.

Sep 4, 2016
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of center Manny Malhotra.

Sep 2, 2016
New Jersey Devils: Released center Ben Johnson.

Sep 1, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Zemgus Girgensons to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of center Scott Gomez.

Aug 30, 2016
Boston Bruins: Signed center Dominic Moore, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.

Aug 27, 2016
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Matthew Benning to a two-year contract.

Aug 26, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Max Jones to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Gustav Bouramman to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Brandon Pirri, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.

Aug 25, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired center Dave Bolland and left wing Lawson Crouse from the Florida Panthers for a conditional second-round pick (if Crouse plays 10 NHL games in the 2016-17 season, otherwise a third-round pick in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft; 34th overall, Panthers selected Serron Noel) in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional third-round pick (Florida receives the highest of the two third-round picks Arizona currently owns; 66th overall, Panthers selected Max Gildon) in the 2017 NHL Draft. 
New York Rangers: Signed center Brandon Pirri, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.

Aug 24, 2016
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Jiri Hudler, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.

Aug 23, 2016
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Cody Ceci to a two-year contract.

Aug 22, 2016
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Jhonas Enroth, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; promoted Mark Hunter to assistant general manager.

Aug 19, 2016
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Sean Monahan to a seven-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Jimmy Vesey to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Logan Brown to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Thomas Di Pauli to a two-year contract.

Aug 17, 2016
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman John Gilmour to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Matt Cullen to a one-year contract.

Aug 16, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of right wing Tim Jackman.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Ben Smith, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.

Aug 15, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Antoine Vermette, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a two-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Radim Vrbata, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Tyler Wotherspoon to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Christopher Gibson to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed right wing J.C. Lipon to a one-year contract.

Aug 11, 2016
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Brian Ferlin to a one-year contract.

Aug 10, 2016
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Reid Boucher to a one-year contract.

Aug 9, 2016
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Chris Casto to a one-year contract.

Aug 5, 2016
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Olli Juolevi to a three-year contract.

Aug 4, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Deven Sideroff to a three-year contract.

Aug 1, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Bought out the contract of center Antoine Vermette.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Sam Gagner, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Danny Kristo to a one-year contract.

Jul 31, 2016
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Tyson Barrie to a four-year contract.

Jul 30, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Jakob Chychrun to a three-year contract.

Jul 29, 2016
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman David Musil to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Martin Marincin to a two-year contract.

Jul 28, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Micheal Stone to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Connor Murphy to a six-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Matt Dumba to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Brandon Gormley, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Marek Hrivik to a one-year contract.

Jul 27, 2016
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender Petr Mrazek to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Matthew Carle, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Calle Jarnkrok to a six-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Mike Hoffman to a four-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Jordan Kyrou to a three-year contract.

Jul 26, 2016
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Danny DeKeyser to a six-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Petter Granberg to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Brandon Manning to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Vladislav Namestnikov to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Trevor Moore to a three-year contract.

Jul 25, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Stefan Noesen to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Scott Harrington and centers Alex Broadhurst and T.J. Tynan to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Jordan Schroeder to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Sergey Zborovskiy to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Brayden Schenn to a four-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Yanni Gourde to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Peter Holland and defenseman Frank Corrado to one-year contracts.

Jul 23, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Luke Schenn, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract.

Jul 22, 2016
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Bobby Farnham, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Eric Boulton to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Chris Kreider to a four-year contract; re-signed right wing Kevin Hayes to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Connor Carrick to a two-year contract.

Jul 21, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Erik Burgdoerfer to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Mitch Callahan to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Auston Matthews, their first-round pick in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract; re-signed left wing Josh Leivo to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed left wing Brandon Tanev to a one-year contract.

Jul 20, 2016
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Mikhail Grigorenko to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of center Brad Richards.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Marcus Johansson to a three-year contract.

Jul 19, 2016
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Jordan Binnington to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of goaltender Jason LaBarbera.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Alexandre Grenier and defenseman Andrey Pedan to one-year contracts.

Jul 18, 2016
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Reece Scarlett to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Derick Brassard and a seventh-round pick (194th overall, Senators selected Luke Loheit) in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for center Mika Zibanejad and a second-round pick (later traded to Detroit) in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Jack Roslovic to a three-year contract.

Jul 17, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed goaltender Jason Kasdorf to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Alex Killorn to a seven-year contract.

Jul 16, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Daniel Catenacci to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Matej Stransky to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Jonathan Racine to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Andrew Crescenzi to a one-year contract.

Jul 15, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Stefan Fournier to a one-year contract; signed center Tyler Gaudet to a one-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Alexander Nylander to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Mark McNeill to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Duncan Siemens to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Jamie Benn to an eight-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Robin Kovacs to a three-year contract; re-signed defensemen Tommy Hughes and Dylan McIlrath to one-year contracts; signed center Josh Jooris, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Matt Puempel to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Petr Straka to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Jaden Schwartz to a five-year contract; re-signed goaltender Pheonix Copley to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing Matt Nieto to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed goaltender Garret Sparks to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Michael Carcone to a three-year contract.

Jul 14, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Marcus Foligno to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Ryan Murphy to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Brendan Woods, center Brody Sutter and defensemen Dennis Robertson and Keegan Lowe to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Luke Glendening to a four-year contract extension; signed defenseman Filip Hronek to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jacob Moverare to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Nick Cousins to a one-year contract; signed center Pascal Laberge to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Ryan Carpenter to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed center Adam Lowry and right wing Joel Armia to one-year contracts.

Jul 13, 2016
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Colin Miller to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Joe Morrow to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Teemu Pulkkinen to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Jesse Puljujarvi to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Logan Shaw to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Patrick Bjorkstrand to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of left wing Ryane Clowe.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Alan Quine to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center J.T. Miller to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Justin Schultz to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Ty Rattie to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Cory Conacher to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Richard Bachman to a one-year contract.

Jul 12, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Shane Doan to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Victor Rask to a six-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Jamie Oleksiak to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Scott Mayfield to a two-year contract.

Jul 11, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Korbinian Holzer to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Denis Malgin to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed goaltender Jack Campbell and center Nic Dowd to two-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Jordan Weal to a one-year contract; signed right wing Roman Lyubimov.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Dylan Demelo to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Dan Kelly, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Michael Zalewski to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Zachary Sanford to a three-year contract.

Jul 9, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Julien Gauthier and defenseman Jake Bean to three-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Derek Forbort to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Landon Ferraro, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Mike Halmo, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.

Jul 8, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired goaltender Jonathan Bernier from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional second-round/third-round pick (if Anaheim reaches or wins the Stanley Cup finals, condition not fulfilled) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Nathan MacKinnon to a seven-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed center Mark Scheifele to an eight-year contract; re-signed defenseman Brenden Kichton to a one-year contract.

Jul 7, 2016
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Matthew Tkachuk to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed right wing Kyle Palmieri.
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of defenseman Matt Carkner.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Chris Kelly, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Garrett Wilson, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Jacob Markstrom to a three-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Mathieu Perreault to a four-year contract extension.

Jul 6, 2016
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender Jared Coreau to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Derek MacKenzie to a two-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Sergey Kalinin to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Fredrik Claesson to a one-year contract.

Jul 5, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Jared Boll, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jeff Schultz, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Alex Grant, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Linden Vey, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Jordin Tootoo, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender Calvin Pickard to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Jacob Graves to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Darcy Kuemper and defenseman Zach Palmquist to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Phillip Danault to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Luke Gazdic, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Jacob Josefson to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed goaltender Jean-Francois Berube to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Nicklas Jensen and defenseman Mat Bodie to one-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Ryan Dzingel to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman T.J. Brennan, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Magnus Paajarvi to a one-year contract.

Jul 4, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Mason Raymond, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Mike Liambas, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.

Jul 3, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Matt Tennyson, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Adam Cracknell, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Taylor Beck, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Reilly Smith to a five-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Patrik Laine to a three-year contract.

Jul 2, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Nate Guenin, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired goaltender Anders Nilsson from the St. Louis Blues for a fifth-round pick (130th overall, Blues selected David Noel) in the 2017 NHL Draft; signed center Derek Grant, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Bought out the contract of defenseman David Rundblad.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Ethan Bear to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Jason Demers, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a five-year contract; signed center Vincent Trochek to a six-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Chris Terry, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Philip Samuelsson, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Trevor Smith to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Pierre-Alexandre Parenteau, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Kenny Agostino, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed center Alex Friesen, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract; signed center Wade Megan to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Brad Hunt, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Jacob Doty and defenseman Chris Butler to one-year contracts; signed center Conner Bleackley to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed goaltender Kristers Gudlevskis to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Roman Polak, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Justin Holl to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Brad Malone, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Jamie Phillips to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Julian Melchiori to a two-year contract.

Jul 1, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Jamie McGinn, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Klas Dahlbeck to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Kevin Connauton to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Justin Peters, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jamie McBain, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jarred Tinordi to a one-year contract; signed left wing Garret Ross, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Ryan White, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract; signed center Chris Mueller, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed center David Backes, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a five-year contract; signed goaltender Anton Khudobin, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman John-Michael Liles to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Tommy Cross and right wing Tyler Randell to one-year contracts; signed center Riley Nash, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract; signed center Tim Schaller, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Kyle Okposo, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a seven-year contract; signed defenseman Justin Falk, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Taylor Fedun, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Troy Brouwer, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Chad Johnson, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Viktor Stalberg, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Andrew Miller, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Lee Stempniak, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Brian Campbell, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; signed center Sam Carrick, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Pierre-Cedric Labrie to a one-year contract; signed left wing Spencer Abbott to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Patrick Wiercioch, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract; signed center Joe Colborne, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Fedor Tyutin, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Joe Whitney, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Mike Sislo and center Jim O'Brien, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to one-year contracts; signed left wing Turner Elson, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Jeremy Smith, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Ryan Stanton, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Reid Petryk to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Dante Salituro to a three-year contract; signed right wing Trent Vogelhuber to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Dan Hamhuis, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Patrick Eaves to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Andrew Bodnarchuk, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Dustin Stevenson to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Frans Nielsen, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a six-year contract; re-signed center Darren Helm to a five-year contract; re-signed defenseman Alexey Marchenko to a two-year contract; signed left wing Matt Lorito to a two-year contract; signed left wing Thomas Vanek, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed center Steve Ott, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract; signed center Ben Street, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Milan Lucic, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a seven-year contract; signed goaltender Jonas Gustavsson, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Mark Fraser, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract; bought out the contract of left wing Lauri Korpikoski.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Tom Gilbert, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Jeff Zatkoff, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract; signed center Michael Latta, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Zach Trotman, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Teddy Purcell, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Aaron Ekblad to an eight-year contract extension; signed goaltender James Reimer, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a five-year contract; signed center Colton Sceviour, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract; signed center Jonathan Marchessault, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Eric Staal, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Alex Stalock, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Chris Stewart, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a two-year contract; signed center Patrick Cannone, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Victor Bartley, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Alexander Radulov to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Al Montoya, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Zach Redmond, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Mikhail Sergachev, their first-round pick in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract; re-signed left wing Daniel Carr to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Edward Pasquale to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Matt Irwin, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Yannick Weber, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract; signed center Harry Zolnierczyk, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Ben Lovejoy, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a three-year contract; signed center Vernon Fiddler, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jon Merrill and right wing Devante Smith-Pelly to two-year contracts; re-signed right wing Beau Bennett to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Andrew MacWilliam, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract; signed center Carter Camper, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Karl Stollery, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Andrew Ladd, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a seven-year contract; signed left wing Jason Chimera, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Shane Prince to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Michael Grabner, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Adam Clendening, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Nathan Gerbe, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Michael Paliotta, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Michael Kostka, right wing Max McCormick and centers Phil Varone and Casey Bailey to one-year contracts; signed center Chad Nehring to a one-year contract; signed right wing Mike Blunden, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Dale Weise, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a four-year contract; signed center Andy Miele, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Will O'Neill, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; signed center Greg Carey to a one-year contract; signed center Boyd Gordon, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Stuart Percy, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Tom Sestito and defenseman Steve Oleksy to one-year contracts; signed defenseman David Warsofsky, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Cameron Gaunce, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Chad Ruhwedel, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Jake Allen to a four-year contract extension; signed left wing David Perron, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Carter Hutton, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Andrew Agozzino, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Morgan Ellis, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Mikkel Boedker, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a four-year contract; signed defenseman David Schlemko, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a four-year contract; re-signed center Micheal Haley to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender Aaron Dell to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Victor Hedman to an eight-year contract extension; signed goaltender Andrei Vasilevskiy to a three-year contract extension; signed left wing Michael Bournival and center Gabriel Dumont, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to one-year contracts; signed left wing Jeremy Morin, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Dennis Yan to a three-year contract; signed left wing Pierre-Luc Letourneau-Leblond, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; bought out the contract of defenseman Matt Carle; announced the retirement of defenseman Matthias Ohlund.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Matt Martin, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a four-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Loui Eriksson, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a six-year contract; re-signed defenseman Philip Larsen to a one-year contract; signed right wing Jayson Megna, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed center Michael Chaput, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Borna Rendulic, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Chad Billins, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Christian Thomas, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Connor Hobbs to a three-year contract; signed right wing Brett Connolly, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Darren Dietz, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Joe Cannata, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Shawn Matthias, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; signed center Quinton Howden, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Brian Strait, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.

Jun 30, 2016
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Torey Krug to a four-year contract; bought out the contract of defenseman Dennis Seidenberg.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Jake McCabe to a three-year contract extension; re-signed left wing Cole Schneider to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Bought out the contract of defenseman James Wisniewski.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Michal Rozsival and left wing Brandon Mashinter to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Bought out the contract of right wing Jared Boll.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Maxime Lagace to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed center Tyler Graovav to a two-year contract; signed center Zac Dalpe to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Bought out the contract of defenseman Barret Jackman.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Zach Sill and right wing Tom Wilson to two-year contracts.

Jun 29, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Casey Nelson to a two-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Bought out the contract of left wing Mason Raymond.
Colorado Avalanche: Bought out the contract of defenseman Brad Stuart.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Seth Jones to a six-year contract extension; signed left wing Pierre-Luc Dubois to a three-year contract; bought out the contract of defenseman Fedor Tyutin.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Greg McKegg to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Jason Zucker to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman P.K. Subban from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Shea Weber; bought out the contract of left wing Eric Nystrom.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Taylor Hall from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Adam Larsson.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Jordan Caron to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Tomas Hertl to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Steven Stamkos to an eight-year contract.

Jun 28, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Patrick Brown to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Matt Taormina and left wing Tye McGinn to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Bought out the contract of left wing Chris Higgins.

Jun 27, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Corey Tropp to a two-year contract extension; signed goaltender Dustin Tokarski to a one-year contract extension.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Louis Domingue to a multi-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Acquired right wing Alex Chiasson from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Patrick Sieloff; signed right wing Alex Chiasson to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Drew Miller to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Iiro Pakarinen to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Andrew Shaw to a six-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Filip Forsberg to a six-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of center Louis Leblanc.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Tim Erixon to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Kyle Brodziak to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Emerson Etem to a one-year contract.

Jun 26, 2016
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Mark Alt to a one-year contract.

Jun 25, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Anthony DeAngelo from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a second-round pick (37th overall, Lightning selected Libor Hajek) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Mark Pysyk and second- and third-round picks (the latter previously acquired from St. Louis; 38th and 89th overall, Panthers selected Adam Mascherin and Linus Nassen) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Dmitry Kulikov and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 33rd overall, Sabres selected Rasmus Asplund) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (195th overall, Panthers selected Benjamin Finkelstein) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Boston Bruins for a seventh-round pick (195th overall, Bruins selected Victor Berglund) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired goaltender Jack Campbell from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Nick Ebert; signed center Trevor Lewis to a four-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired a seventh-round pick (187th overall, Canadiens selected Arvid Henrikson) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Winnipeg Jets for a seventh-round pick (211th overall, Jets selected Croix Evingson) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right wing Beau Bennett from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit; 77th overall, Penguins selected Connor Hall) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 95th overall, Islanders selected Anatoly Golyshev) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick (110th overall, Blackhawks selected Lucas Carlsson) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (later traded to Columbus) in the 2017 NHL Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose via Arizona; 120th overall, Islanders selected Otto Koivula) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Arizona) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Nick Holden from the Colorado Avalanche for a fourth-round pick (114th overall, Avalanche selected Petr Kvaca) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 144th overall, Blues selected Conner Bleackley) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fifth-round pick (144th overall, Blackhawks selected Parker Foo) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Kerby Rychel from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Scott Harrington and a conditional (if Harrington is picked up via waivers by another team) fifth-round pick in the 2017 NHL Draft.

Jun 24, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired center Pavel Datsyuk and a first-round pick (16th overall, Coyotes selected Jakob Chychrun) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for center Joe Vitale and first- (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 20th overall, Red Wings selected Dennis Cholowski) and second-round (previously acquired as compensation for not signing former first-round pick Conner Bleackley; 53rd overall, Red Wings selected Filip Hronek) picks in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; announced the retirement of Datsyuk.
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Brian Elliott for a second-round pick (35th overall, Blues selected Jordan Kyrou) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional third-round pick (if Elliott re-signs with Calgary before current contract expires, condition not fulfilled) in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Andreas Martinsen to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Jordie Benn to a three-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Bought out the contract of left wing Thomas Vanek.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Andrew Shaw from the Chicago Blackhawks for two second-round picks (one previously acquired from Minnesota via Buffalo; 39th and 45th overall, Blackhawks selected Alex DeBrincat and Chad Krys) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired a first-round pick (11th overall, Senators selected Logan Brown) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for first- (12th overall, Devils selected Michael McLeod) and third-round (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 80th overall, Devils selected Brandon Gignac) picks in the 2016 NHL Entry Drafts.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired a first-round pick (26th overall, Blues selected Tage Thompson) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for first- (28th overall, Capitals selected Lucas Johansen) and third-round (previously acquired from Washington; 87th overall, Capitals selected Garrett Pilon) picks in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Cedric Paquette to a two-year contract extension; signed right wing J.T. Brown to a two-year contract extension; re-signed defenseman Luke Witkowski to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Lars Eller from the Montreal Canadiens for second-round picks in the 2017 (58th overall, Canadiens selected Joni Ikonen) and 2018 (later traded to Edmonton) NHL Drafts; signed defenseman Aaron Ness to a two-year contract extension; re-signed center Paul Carey to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired first- and third-round picks (18th and 79th overall, Jets selected Logan Stanley and Luke Green) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for first- (previously acquired from Chicago; 22nd overall, Flyers selected German Rubtsov) and second-round (36th overall, Flyers selected Pascal Laberge) picks in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 23, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Michael Sgarbossa to a one-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Rocco Grimaldi from the Florida Panthers for goaltender Reto Berra.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center William Karlsson to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Keith Yandle to a seven-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Buddy Robinson to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Radko Gudas to a four-year contract extension.

Jun 22, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Alex Goligoski to a five-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Dennis Rasmussen to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed goaltender Sam Brittain to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Joel Hanley to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Scottie Upshall to a one-year contract.

Jun 21, 2016
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of center Vincent Lecavalier.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed goaltender Michael Hutchinson to a two-year contract.

Jun 20, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Jimmy Vesey from the Nashville Predators for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota via Florida, New Jersey and Anaheim; 76th overall, Predators selected Rem Pitlick) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Nicolas Deslauriers to a two-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Jordan Oesterle to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Keith Yandle from the New York Rangers for a sixth-round pick (174th overall, Rangers selected Tyler Wall) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (if Yandle re-signs with the Panthers for the 2016-17 season, later traded to San Jose) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Kevin Porter to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Maxim Letunov and a sixth-round pick (159th overall, Sharks selected Jakob McGrew) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Arizona Coyotes for a fourth-round pick (later transferred to Philadelphia to honour a previous agreement, even later traded to the New York Islanders) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit; 69th overall, Coyotes selected MacKenzie Entwistle) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired goaltender Frederik Andersen from the Anaheim Ducks for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 30th overall, Ducks selected Sam Steel) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 50th overall, Ducks selected Maxime Comtois) in the 2017 NHL Draft; signed Andersen to a five-year contract extension.

Jun 19, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Andrew O'Brien to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Nick Schmaltz to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Ian McCoshen to a three-year contract.

Jun 18, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Sami Vatanen to a four-year contract extension.

Jun 17, 2016
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed goaltender Anton Forsberg to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Tyler Pitlick to a one-year contract.

Jun 16, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Joseph Cramarossa to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Alex Goligoski from the Dallas Stars for a fifth-round pick (128th overall, Stars selected Colton Point) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed left wing Craig Cunningham to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Cam Ward to a two-year contract extension; re-signed center Derek Ryan to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Connor Brickley to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Dmitrij Jaskin to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Sven Baertschi to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 15, 2016
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Peter Cehlarik to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wings Teuvo Teravainen and Bryan Bickell from the Chicago Blackhawks for a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 50th overall, Blackhawks selected Artur Kayumov) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago, later traded to Detroit) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Richard Panik to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Riley Sheahan to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 14, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Mac Carruth to a one-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Brian Lashoff to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Chris Summers to a one-year contract.

Jun 13, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Aleksi Saarela and right wing Sebastian Aho to three-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Mark Barberio to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed goaltender Marek Mazanec to a one-year contract.

Jun 12, 2016
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wing Sven Andrighetto to a one-year contract.

Jun 11, 2016
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender David Rittich to a one-year contract.

Jun 10, 2016
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Brett Ritchie to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Marc Savard and a second-round pick (later traded to Washington) in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for right wing Paul Thompson and center Graham Black.

Jun 9, 2016
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Mattias Backman to a one-year contract.

Jun 4, 2016
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Brayden McNabb to a two-year contract.

Jun 2, 2016
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Casey Cizikas to a five-year contract; re-signed center Ben Holmstrom to a one-year contract.

Jun 1, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Josh Wesley to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Cody Bass to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jonas Gunnarsson to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Brandon Baddock to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Bracken Kearns to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Announced the retirement of defenseman Grant Clitsome; signed defenseman Nelson Nogier to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2016
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Brendan Ranford and center Justin Dowling to one-year contracts.

May 28, 2016
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Dylan Sadowy to a three-year contract.

May 27, 2016
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Sergei Boikov to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Tomas Nosek to a two-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Yohann Auvitu to a one-year contract.

May 26, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Vaclav Karabacek to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired left wing Dylan Sadowy from the San Jose Sharks for a third-round pick (later traded to Arizona) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of defenseman Chris Phillips.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Tom Nilsson to a one-year contract.

May 25, 2016
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Lukas Sedlak to a one-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of left wing Chris McKelvie.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of center Tim Brent.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Erik Gudbranson and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 140th overall, Canucks selected Cole Candella) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for center Jared McCann and second- (later traded to Buffalo) and fourth-round (94th overall, Panthers selected Jonathan Ang) picks in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.

May 24, 2016
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Kevan Miller to a four-year contract extension; signed center Seth Griffith to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Martin Lundberg, defenseman Michal Kempny and goaltender Lars Johansson to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Anton Lindholm to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Chase Lang to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Tom Pyatt to a one-year contract.

May 23, 2016
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Jake Guentzel to a three-year contract.

May 21, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Brycen Martin to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Tim Heed to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Tanner Richard and right wing Joel Vermin to one-year contracts.

May 20, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Jacob Larsson to a three-year contract.

May 19, 2016
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Zack Kassian to a one-year contract extension.

May 18, 2016
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Chris Martenet to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Adam Vay to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Martin Reway to a three-year contract.

May 16, 2016
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Justin Kirkland to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Yan Pavel Laplante to a three-year contract.

May 14, 2016
New York Islanders: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Sebastian Collberg.

May 13, 2016
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Pavel Buchnevich to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Marcus Sorensen.

May 12, 2016
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Denis Gurianov to a three-year contract.

May 11, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Gustav Forsling to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Shane Harper to a one-year contract.

May 10, 2016
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Samuel Montembeault to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Ville Husso to a three-year contract.

May 9, 2016
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Patrick Russell to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Erik Gudbranson to a one-year contract.

May 8, 2016
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Artturi Lehkonen to a three-year contract.

May 7, 2016
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Drake Caggiula to a two-year contract.

May 5, 2016
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Jaromir Jagr to a one-year contract.

May 3, 2016
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Markus Nutivaara to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Linus Hultstrom to a two-year contract.

May 2, 2016
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Parker Wotherspoon to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed goaltender Antti Raanta to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Nikita Zaitsev to a one-year contract.

Apr 29, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Johan Larsson to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Daniel Pribyl to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Luke Johnson to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Paul LaDue to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Michael Garteig to a one-year contract.

Apr 28, 2016
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of right wing Colton Orr.

Apr 27, 2016
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Lukas Bengtsson to a two-year contract.

Apr 26, 2016
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Daniel Vladar to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Markus Granlund to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 25, 2016
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing J.T. Compher to a three-year contract.

Apr 22, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Jake Chelios to a one-year contract; signed left wing Joakim Nordstrom to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 21, 2016
Nashville Predators: Signed center Adam Payerl to a one-year contract.

Apr 20, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Keaton Thompson to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Thatcher Demko to a three-year contract.

Apr 19, 2016
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Gabriel Carlsson to a three-year contract.

Apr 15, 2016
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Justin Scott to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Juho Lammikko to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Sam Anas to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Devon Toews to a three-year contract.

Apr 14, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Carl Dahlstrom to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Spencer Watson to a three-year contract.

Apr 13, 2016
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced the retirement of associate coach Craig Hartsburg.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Alex Tuch to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Morgan Rielly and center Nazem Kadri to six-year contract extensions.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Troy Stecher to a two-year contract.

Apr 12, 2016
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Malte Stromwall to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Fired head coach Dave Cameron and assistant coaches Andre Tourigny and Rick Wamsley; offered assistant coach Jason Smith another position in the organization.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Mantas Armalis to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Matt Spencer to a three-year contract.

Apr 11, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Fired general manager Don Maloney.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Danton Heinen to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of center Cody McCormick.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Adam Gilmour to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Kyle Connor to a three-year contract.

Apr 10, 2016
Ottawa Senators: Announced the resignation of general manager Bryan Murray; named Pierre Dorion general manager.

Apr 9, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Nicolas Roy to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Michael Brodzinski.

Apr 8, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Kevin Roy to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defensemen Joshua Jacobs and Steven Santini and left wing Miles Wood to three-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Joel Edmundson to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 7, 2016
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Caleb Jones to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Nick Ellis to a two-year contract.

Apr 6, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Tyler Motte to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Andreas Englund to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Sean Maguire to a two-year contract.

Apr 5, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Adin Hill to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Alex Lyon.

Apr 4, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Andy Welinski to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Clark Bishop to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Mitchell Stephens to a three-year contract.

Apr 2, 2016
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Adam Chapie to a one-year contract.

Apr 1, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Chris Wagner to a two-year contract extension.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Matt Grzelcyk to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Macoy Erkamps to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Ray Emery to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Daniel O'Regan to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Jonne Tammela to a three-year contract.

Mar 31, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Robin Norell to a three-year contract.

Mar 30, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Kalle Kossila to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Kevin Boyle to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Mark Jankowski to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Charlie Lindgren to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Adam Musil to a three-year contract; signed left wing MacKenzie MacEachern to a to two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Brandon Tanev to a one-year contract.

Mar 29, 2016
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Rob O'Gara to a two-year contract; signed center Sean Kuraly.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Zach Werenski to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Michael Downing to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Kyle Schempp to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Ethan Prow to a two-year contract.

Mar 28, 2016
New York Rangers: Signed centers Steven Fogarty and Boo Nieves to two-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Justin Selman to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Kasimir Kaskisuo to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Adam Carlson to a two-year contract.

Mar 27, 2016
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Mario Lucia to a two-year contract.

Mar 26, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Kyle Wood to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Nick Seeler to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Tom Parisi to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Jonny Brodzinski to a three-year contract.

Mar 25, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Eric Cornel to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Dalton Prout to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Niklas Hansson to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Michael Brodzinski to a three-year contract.

Mar 23, 2016
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Andrew Mangiapane.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Eamon McAdam to a three-year contract.

Mar 22, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Casey Nelson to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Theodor Blueger to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Ben Thomas to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Anton Rodin to a one-year contract.

Mar 21, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Hudson Fasching.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Jordan Maletta to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Eric Tangradi to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Reece Willcox.
Washington Capitals: Extended their affiliation agreement with South Carolina of the ECHL through the 2017-18 season.

Mar 18, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of right wing Pierre-Marc Bouchard.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Stephen Johns to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 17, 2016
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of left wing Brenden Morrow.

Mar 15, 2016
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Francis Perron to a three-year contract.

Mar 14, 2016
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Jason Kasdorf.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Viktor Svedberg to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wings Bryan Rust and Tom Kuhnhackl and left wing Scott Wilson to two-year contract extensions.

Mar 11, 2016
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Carl Gunnarsson to a three-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Alex Schoenborn to a three-year contract.

Mar 9, 2016
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Carter Rowney to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Kevin Labanc to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Nikita Tryamkin to a two-year contract.

Mar 8, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Andrew Poturalski to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Marcus Kruger to a three-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Nick Lappin to a two-year contract.

Mar 7, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Dane Fox from the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Oleg Yevenko to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 3, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Kyle Baun to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 2, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Lubomir Visnovsky.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Dryden Hunt to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Peter Budaj to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Scott Gomez to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Adam Helewka to a three-year contract; signed center Jonathon Martin.

Mar 1, 2016
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman John Ramage to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Jayce Hawryluk to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Miikka Salomaki to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 29, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Brandon Pirri from the Florida Panthers for a sixth-round pick (175th overall, Panthers selected Maxim Mamin) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Jamie McGinn from the Buffalo Sabres for a conditional third-round pick (a second-round pick in the 2017 NHL Draft if Anaheim wins two playoff rounds in 2016 and McGinn plays 50% of the games in the first two rounds, previously acquired from Minnesota via Florida and New Jersey, later traded to Nashville) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Corey Tropp from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Tim Jackman and a seventh-round pick (215th overall, Blackhawks selected Joshua Ess) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired left wing Sergei Plotnikov from the Pittsburgh Penguins for center Matthias Plachta and a conditional seventh-round pick (if Plotnikov re-signs with Arizona prior to the 2016-17 season, condition not fulfilled) in the 2017 NHL Draft; acquired center Matia Marcantuoni from the Pittsburgh Penguins for centers Dustin Jeffrey and Dan O'Donoghue and defenseman James Melindy.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman John-Michael Liles from the Carolina Hurricanes for left wing Anthony Camara, a third-round pick (75th overall, Hurricanes selected Jack Lafontaine) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a fifth-round pick (later traded to Vegas) in the 2017 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Lee Stempniak from the New Jersey Devils for a fourth-round pick (105th overall, Devils selected Evan Cormier) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to San Jose) in the 2017 NHL Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Dennis Robertson from the Chicago Blackhawks for goaltender Drew MacIntyre.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Mikkel Boedker from the Arizona Coyotes for left wing Alex Tanguay, center Conner Bleackley and defenseman Kyle Wood; acquired defenseman Eric Gelinas from the New Jersey Devils for a third-round pick (63rd overall, Devils selected Fabian Zetterlund) in the 2017 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Taylor Beck from the New York Islanders for right wing Marc-Andre Cliche.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Boone Jenner to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Kris Russell from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Jyrki Jokipakka, left wing Brett Pollock and a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick if Dallas advances to the 2016 Western Conference final; 56th overall, Flames selected Dillon Dube) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Patrick Maroon from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Martin Gernat and a fourth-round pick (93rd overall, Ducks selected Jack Kopacka) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; claimed defenseman Adam Pardy off waivers from the Winnipeg Jets; claimed right wing Adam Cracknell off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks; signed defenseman Brandon Davidson to a two-year contract extension; signed goaltender Laurent Brossoit to a two-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Brett Sutter from the Minnesota Wild for right wing Scott Sabourin.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Conor Allen from the Ottawa Senators for left wing Michael Keranen; acquired right wing David Jones from the Calgary Flames for goaltender Niklas Backstrom and a sixth-round pick (166th overall, Flames selected Matthew Phillips) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed right wing Mike Brown off waivers from the San Jose Sharks.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Corey Potter from the Arizona Coyotes for future considerations.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right wing Devante Smith-Pelly from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Stefan Matteau; claimed defenseman David Warsofsky off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
New York Islanders: Acquired left wing Shane Prince and a seventh-round pick (193rd overall, Islanders selected Nick Pastujov) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Ottawa Senators for a third-round pick (later traded to New Jersey) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 28, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Mac Carruth to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired right wing Kris Versteeg from the Carolina Hurricanes for left wing Valentin Zykov a conditional fifth-round pick (if Los Angeles advances to the 2016 Western Conference final, condition not fulfilled) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Eric Staal from the Carolina Hurricanes for center Aleksi Saarela a second-round pick (later traded to Chicago) in the 2016 NHL Entry Drafts and a second-round pick (52nd overall, Hurricanes selected Luke Martin) in the 2017 NHL Draft; acquired center Chris Brown from the Washington Capitals for center Ryan Bourque.
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Daniel Winnik and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Anaheim; 145th overall, Capitals selected Beck Malenstyn) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for center Brooks Laich, defenseman Connor Carrick and a second-round pick (57th overall, Maple Leafs selected Carl Grundstrom) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 27, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Claimed left wing Jiri Sekac off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired center Eric O'Dell, left wings Cole Schneider and Alex Guptill and defenseman Michael Sdao from the Ottawa Senators for center Philip Varone, right wing Jason Akeson, defenseman Jerome Leduc and a conditional seventh-round pick (if Schneider plays 3 NHL games for Buffalo in the 2015-16 season, condition not fulfilled) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Jakub Kindl from the Detroit Red Wings for a sixth-round pick (164th overall, Red Wings selected Reilly Webb) in the 2017 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Teddy Purcell from the Edmonton Oilers for a third-round pick (84th overall, Oilers selected Matthew Cairns) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Jiri Hudler from the Calgary Flames for a second-round pick in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft (54th overall, Flames selected Tyler Parsons) and a fourth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft (108th overall, Flames selected Demetrios Koumontzis).
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Chris Neil to a one-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Colin McDonald to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Justin Schultz from the Edmonton Oilers for a third-round pick (91st overall, Oilers selected Filip Berglund) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired goaltender Anders Nilsson from the Edmonton Oilers for goaltender Niklas Lundstrom and a fifth-round pick (149th overall, Oilers selected Graham McPhee) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender James Reimer and left wing Jeremy Morin from the Toronto Maple Leafs for goaltender Alex Stalock, right wing Ben Smith and a conditional third-round pick (if San Jose advances to the 2016 Stanley Cup finals, otherwise a fourth-round pick, condition fulfilled; 83rd overall, Maple Leafs selected Riley Stotts) in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 26, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Tomas Fleischmann and right wing Dale Weise from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Phillip Danault and a second-round pick (38th overall, Canadiens selected Alexander Romanov) in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Rob Scuderi from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Christian Ehrhoff.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Anthony Bitetto to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Olli Maatta to a six-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Braydon Coburn to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 25, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed center Chris Wagner off waivers from the Colorado Avalanche.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Andrew Ladd, right wing Matt Fraser and defenseman Jay Harrison from the Winnipeg Jets for center Marko Dano, a first-round pick in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft (later traded to Philadelphia) and a conditional third-round pick (if Chicago wins the 2016 Stanley Cup, condition not fulfilled) in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Shawn Thornton to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 24, 2016
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Chris Wideman to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Scott Hannan.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Philip Larsen from the Edmonton Oilers for a conditional fifth-round pick (a fourth-round pick Larsen meets certain performance thresholds; later traded to Arizona) in the 2017 NHL Draft.

Feb 23, 2016
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Paul Byron to a three-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Mike Weber from the Buffalo Sabres for a third-round pick (89th overall, Sabres selected Oskari Laaksonen) in the 2017 NHL Draft.

Feb 22, 2016
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Hunter Shinkaruk from the Vancouver Canucks for center Markus Granlund.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Colton Sissons to a three-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Roman Polak and center Nick Spaling for left wing Raffi Torres and second-round picks in the 2017 (later traded to Anaheim) and 2018 (52nd overall, Maple Leafs selected Sean Durzi) NHL Drafts.

Feb 21, 2016
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Shawn Matthias from the Toronto Maple Leafs for center Colin Smith and a fourth-round pick (101st overall, Maple Leafs selected Keaton Middleton) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 19, 2016
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Taylor Chorney to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 11, 2016
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Ryan Murray to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 9, 2016
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Jared Cowen, left wings Milan Michalek and Colin Greening, right wing Tobias Lindberg and a second-round pick (59th overall, Maple Leafs selected Eemeli Rasanen) in the 2017 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for defenseman Dion Phaneuf, right wing Matt Frattin, centers Ryan Rupert and Casey Bailey and defenseman Cody Donaghey.

Feb 8, 2016
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Dustin Byfuglien to a five-year contract extension.

Feb 2, 2016
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Alex Biega to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 1, 2016
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Tom Sestito to a one-year contract.

Jan 27, 2016
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed defenseman Adam Clendening off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Jan 26, 2016
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of right wing Craig Adams.

Jan 25, 2016
Florida Panthers: Signed center Aleksander Barkov to a six-year contract extension.

Jan 21, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Ryan Garbutt from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Jiri Sekac.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Daniel Paille to a one-year contract.

Jan 19, 2016
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Michael Zalewski to a one-year contract.

Jan 17, 2016
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Cam Talbot to a three-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Konrad Abeltshauser.

Jan 16, 2016
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Anze Kopitar to an eight-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Carl Hagelin from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing David Perron and defenseman Adam Clendening.

Jan 15, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Victor Bartley from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Stefan Elliott.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing John Scott and defenseman Victor Bartley from the Arizona Coyotes for defenseman Jarred Tinordi and right wing Stefan Fournier.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Richard Nedomlel from the Detroit Red Wings for future considerations.

Jan 14, 2016
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Conor Allen from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Patrick Mullen.

Jan 13, 2016
Arizona Coyotes: Claimed defenseman Kevin Connauton off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.

Jan 12, 2016
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed head coach Joel Quenneville to a three-year contract extension.

Jan 8, 2016
Dallas Stars: Signed general manager Jim Nill to a five-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Emerson Etem from the New York Rangers for left wing Nicklas Jensen and a sixth-round pick (157th overall, Rangers selected Dominik Lakatos) in the 2017 NHL Draft.

Jan 7, 2016
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired goaltender Dustin Tokarski from the Montreal Canadiens for left wing Max Friberg.

Jan 6, 2016
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Vincent Lecavalier and defenseman Luke Schenn from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Jordan Weal and a third-round pick (82nd overall, Flyers selected Carsen Twarynski) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Ryan Johansen from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Seth Jones.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Mike Richards to a one-year contract.

Jan 5, 2016
Colorado Avalanche: Claimed defenseman Andrew Bodnarchuk off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Frederick Gaudreau to a two-year contract.

Jan 3, 2016
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Jeremy Morin from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Richard Panik.

Jan 2, 2016
Florida Panthers: Signed head coach Gerard Gallant to a multi-year contract extension.

Jan 1, 2016
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of defenseman Jack Hillen.
Florida Panthers: Signed vice president and general manager Dale Tallon to a multi-year contract extension; named Tom Rowe associated general manager.
St. Louis Blues: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Scott Gomez.

