
Dec 30, 1997
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of left wing Mike Peluso.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Roman Hamrlik and center Paul Comrie from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Bryan Marchment and centers Jason Bonsignore and Steve Kelly.

Dec 19, 1997
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Josh Green to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Oleg Tverdovsky to a two-year contract.

Dec 17, 1997
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Eric Lindros to a two-year contract.

Dec 15, 1997
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender Rick Tabaracci.

Dec 11, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed left wing Paul Kariya to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Martin Brodeur to a multi-year contract extension.

Dec 9, 1997
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Scott Stevens to a multi-year contract.

Dec 7, 1997
San Jose Sharks: Acquired right wing John MacLean and defenseman Ken Sutton from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Doug Bodger and center Dody Wood.

Dec 3, 1997
Boston Bruins: Waived goaltender Jim Carey.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Denis Savard assistant coach.

Nov 29, 1997
San Jose Sharks: Named Doug Wilson director of pro development.

Nov 26, 1997
Boston Bruins: Claimed defenseman Darren Van Impe off waivers from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks.

Nov 25, 1997
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Michel Petit.

Nov 24, 1997
Florida Panthers: Fired head coach Doug MacLean; named Bryan Murray head coach.

Nov 21, 1997
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed right wing Bill Guerin to a multi-year contract.

Nov 20, 1997
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Mike Ricci and a second-round pick (later traded to Buffalo; 50th overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for right wing Shean Donovan and a first-round pick (12th overall, Avalanche selected Alex Tanguay) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 19, 1997
Washington Capitals: Claimed center Jeff Toms off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Nov 18, 1997
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Sean Hill from the Ottawa Senators for right wing Chris Murray.

Nov 14, 1997
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Brad Smyth from the Los Angeles Kings for a conditional pick in the ... NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Dave Lowry and a first-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 1st overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for center Viktor Kozlov and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 117th overall, Panthers selected Jaroslav Spacek) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 13, 1997
Edmonton Oilers: Waived defenseman Drake Berehowsky.
Vancouver Canucks: Fired head coach Tom Renney and assistant coach Terry Bangen; named Mike Keenan head coach.

Nov 12, 1997
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired goaltender Andrei Trefilov from the Buffalo Sabres for a seventh-round pick (195th overall, Blackhawks selected Yorick Treille) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Jacques Demers head coach and signed him to a three-year contract.

Nov 11, 1997
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman John Slaney to a one-year contract extension.

Nov 7, 1997
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Russ Courtnall to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Alexandre Daigle to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Alexander Mogilny to a four-year contract.

Nov 6, 1997
Edmonton Oilers: Waived right wing Dennis Bonvie.
Florida Panthers: Claimed forward Ray Whitney off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.

Nov 4, 1997
Vancouver Canucks: Fired president and general manager Pat Quinn.

Oct 27, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Mike Peca to a three-year contract.

Oct 26, 1997
Tampa Bay Lightning: Fired head coach Terry Crisp and assistant coach Dave MacQueen; named assistant coach Rick Paterson interim head coach.

Oct 25, 1997
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed center Robert Lang off waivers from the Boston Bruins.

Oct 24, 1997
Colorado Avalanche: Claimed right wing Jeff Odgers off waivers from the Boston Bruins.

Oct 23, 1997
Boston Bruins: Waived right wing Jeff Odgers.

Oct 22, 1997
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Greg Johnson from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Tuomas Gronman.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Teppo Numminen to a three-year contract.

Oct 21, 1997
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Vitali Yachmenev to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Mike Maneluk from the Ottawa Senators for future considerations.

Oct 17, 1997
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed left wing John LeClair.

Oct 16, 1997
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Brantt Myhres to a one-year contract.

Oct 15, 1997
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Jason Bowen from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Brantt Myhres.

Oct 12, 1997
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Daniel Alfredsson to a two-year contract.

Oct 11, 1997
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Rem Murray.

Oct 10, 1997
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Martin Gendron and a sixth-round pick (166th overall, Blackhawks selected Jonathan Pelletier) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for a fifth-round pick (125th overall, Capitals selected Erik Wendell) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 9, 1997
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Derian Hatcher to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Bret Hedican.

Oct 8, 1997
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Sam McMaster pro scout.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Eric Weinrich to a multi-year contract.

Oct 7, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Alexei Zhitnik to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Jeff Friesen.

Oct 6, 1997
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Sergei Gonchar.

Oct 3, 1997
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Brian Rolston to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Lubos Bartecko, center Michal Handzus and forward Tyler Willis.

Oct 2, 1997
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Craig Muni to a one-year contract with an option for 1998-99.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Dan McGillis to a multi-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Wayne Gretzky to a multi-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed forward Troy Mallette.

Oct 1, 1997
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Kevin Dineen to a contract extension through the 1998-99 season; signed right wing Kevin Brown to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Ray Whitney.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Rob Brown; claimed center Peter Ferraro and right wing Chris Ferraro off waivers from the New York Rangers.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Jan Benda to a one-year contract.

Sep 30, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Miroslav Satan to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed goaltender Jamie Storr.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced that left wing Keith Tkachuk, who was suspended for refusing to play in a preseason game on Friday, has returned to the team.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Mike Rathje.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Kelly Chase from the Toronto Maple Leafs for future considerations.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Jan Bulis to a multi-year contract.

Sep 29, 1997
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Daniel Cleary to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Pat LaFontaine from the Buffalo Sabres for a second-round pick (34th overall, Sabres selected Andrew Peters) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional fifth-round pick (not exercised) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Lonny Bohonos; signed center Josh Holden.

Sep 28, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Claimed left wing Brett Severyn from the Colorado Avalanche in the 1998 NHL Waiver Draft.
Boston Bruins: Claimed center Tim Taylor from the Detroit Red Wings and center Robert Lang from the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 1998 NHL Waiver Draft.
Calgary Flames: Claimed left wing Mike Peluso from the New York Rangers in the 1998 NHL Waiver Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Francois Leroux from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a third-round pick (80th overall, Penguins selected David Cameron) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Claimed left wing Scott Daniels from the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1998 NHL Waiver Draft.
New York Islanders: Claimed left wing Tom Chorske from the Ottawa Senators in the 1998 NHL Waiver Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed goaltender Jimmy Waite from the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1998 NHL Waiver Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed center Pascal Rheaume from the New Jersey Devils in the 1998 NHL Waiver Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed right wing Mick Vukota from the New York Islanders in the 1998 NHL Waiver Draft.

Sep 27, 1997
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Bob Essensa to a one-year contract.

Sep 26, 1997
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Mike Modano to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Suspended left wing Keith Tkachuk indefinitely; signed defenseman Radoslav Suchy to a three-year contract.

Sep 25, 1997
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Trent Yawney.
Pittsbugh Penguins: Signed goaltender Peter Skudra.

Sep 24, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Jason Woolley from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fifth-round pick (134th overall, Penguins selected Rob Scuderi) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired goaltender Kirk Daubenspeck from the Ottawa Senators for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa; 161st overall, Senators selected Chris Neil) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Alexei Morozov.

Sep 21, 1997
San Jose Sharks: Named Barry Long professional scout.

Sep 19, 1997
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Jeff Shevalier to a one-year contract; re-signed center Eric Belanger to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed general manager Rejean Houle to a contract extension through the 2000-2001 season.
New York Islanders: Released center Jimmy Carson and right wing Yuri Khmylev.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Didier Pietropaulo.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Martin Bradette; named Curtis Bell medical trainer.
Vancouver Canucks: Released goaltender Nolan McDonald and right wing Jamie Linden.

Sep 18, 1997
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Vyacheslav Kozlov to a three-year contract.

Sep 17, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired right wing Scott Young from the Colorado Avalanche for a third-round pick (later traded to Florida; 63rd overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Reached an affilitation agreement with Long Beach of the IHL.

Sep 16, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed center Sean Pronger.
Los Angeles Kings: Reached a one-year affiliation agreements with Utah of the IHL and Fredericton of the AHL.
San Jose Sharks: Released left wing Cam Stewart.

Sep 15, 1997
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Rick Mrozik.

Sep 13, 1997
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Rob Niedermayer to a three-year contract.

Sep 12, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Michal Grosek to a multi-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Michal Sykora to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Vincent Damphousse to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Kenny Jonsson.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Chris Therien to a multi-year contract.

Sep 11, 1997
Boston Bruins: Signed center Joel Prpic to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center Steve Dubinsky to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Scott Mellanby to a four-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Tim Sweeney, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Rory Fitzpatrick, right wing Chris Kenady and center Jochen Hecht.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Jeff Toms.

Sep 10, 1997
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Trevor Kidd to a multi-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing Bill Lindsay to a four-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman David Wilkie to a two-year contract and center Sebastien Bordeleau to a one-year contract; signed right wing Arron Asham and defenseman Brett Clark to three-year contracts and left wing Alexei Lojkin a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Bryan Smolinski.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Niklas Andersson, who had been with the New York Islanders.

Sep 9, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center J.F. Jomphe to a two-year contract and center Richard Park to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Brendan Morrison to a multi-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Alexei Kovalev.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Stan Neckar to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Scott Walker and left wing Donald Brashear.

Sep 8, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Bob Boughner to a multi-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Gary Roberts to a multi-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Slava Fetisov to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Josef Stumpel to a two-year contract; re-signed center Ian Laperriere to a three-year contract, re-signed defenseman Philippe Boucher to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Tommy Salo to a contract extension through the 1998-1999 season.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Alexander Karpovtsev; named John Paddock director of professional scouting and Martin Madden, Jr. to the scouting staff.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Invited right wing Igor Korolev to training camp.

Sep 5, 1997
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Grant Marshall to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Esa Tikkanen, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract with renewable options; re-signed goaltender Mark Fitzpatrick to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Frederic Chabot to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Brad Tiley to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Named Cap Raeder professional scout.

Sep 4, 1997
Boston Bruins: Re-signed left wing Steve Heinze.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Eric Charron from the Washington Capitals for a seventh-round pick (179th overall, Capitals selected Nathan Forster) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Tom Thompson and Brad Davis to the scouting staff.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Judd Lambert.
New York Islanders: Signed defensemen Scott Lachance and Doug Houda.
New York Rangers: Re-signed assistant coaches Dick Todd and Bill Moores.

Sep 3, 1997
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Sergei Samsonov to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Jon Coleman to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Robb Stauber and center P.J. Stock.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed goaltender Derek Wilkinson.

Sep 2, 1997
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Jere Lehtinen to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Kay Whitmore and center Mike Casselman; signed right wing Marko Makinen.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Brent Peterson.
Vancouver Canucks: Promoted Steve Tambellini to senior vice president, hockey operations and Mike Penny to assistant general manager.

Aug 29, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Darren Van Impe to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Jozef Stumpel, right wing Sandy Moger and a fourth-round pick (later traded to New Jersey; 105th overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Boston Bruins for left wing Dimitri Khristich and goaltender Byron Dafoe.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Chris Phillips, their first-round pick in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed with right wing Shayne Toporowski.

Aug 28, 1997
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed forward Steve Martins; signed right wing Ethan Philpott; signed right wing Brent Fedyk to a free agent tryout.
Florida Panthers: Signed a one-year affiliation agreement with Fort Wayne of the IHL.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing left wing Luc Robitaille from the New York Rangers for left wing Kevin Stevens.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Scott Thornton and right wing Valeri Bure to one-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Named Jay Wells assistant coach of Portland of the AHL.

Aug 27, 1997
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Brian Felsner and right wing Nathan Perrott; re-signed goaltender Jimmy Waite.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Pierre Sevigny.

Aug 26, 1997
Boston Bruins: Re-signed goaltender Rob Tallas to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Brent Thompson.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defensemen Lance Pitlick to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced an affiliation agreement with Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the AHL starting in October 1999.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Louie DeBrusk and defenseman Viktor Ignatjev; re-signed right wing Paul Brousseau.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced Nick Beverley will remain director of pro scouting; announced Floyd Smith, the team's director of player development, has been reassigned to amateur scout.

Aug 25, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Mike Crowley to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Erik Rasmussen.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Gary Roberts and goaltender Trevor Kidd from the Calgary Flames for center Andrew Cassels and goaltender Jean-Sebastien Giguere.
New York Islanders: Acquired right wing Mariusz Czerkawski from the Edmonton Oilers for left wing Dan Lacouture.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Jeff Brown.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of center Dale Hawerchuk.

Aug 22, 1997
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Vlastimil Kroupa from the San Jose Sharks for a third round pick (later traded to Nashville; 85th overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Named Ross Mahoney director of amateur scouting.

Aug 21, 1997
New York Rangers: Signed center Brian Skrudland, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a multi-year contract; signed left wing Johan Lindbom.
San Jose Sharks: Announced that left wing Ville Peltonen and right wing Jan Caloun have signed individual contracts with European club teams for the 1997-98 season; bought out the contract of left wing Ray Whitney; signed center Peter Roed.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed right wing Tie Domi to a multi-year contract.

Aug 20, 1997
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Alexei Vasiliev.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced they would not match the five-year, $16.5 million offer sheet by the Philadelphia Flyers to center Chris Gratton; acquired right wing Mikael Renberg and defenseman Karl Dykhuis from the Philadelphia Flyers for first-round picks (previously acquired from Philadelphia as compensation for the loss of Chris Gratton) in the 1998, 1999, 2000, and 2001 NHL Entry Drafts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Ken Dryden general manager; named Bill Watters assistant to the president and general manager of the St. John's Maple Leafs of the AHL; named Anders Hedberg assistant general manager and director of player development as well as assistant general manager at St. John's; named Mike Smith associate general manager; named Al MacAdam head coach of St. John's.

Aug 19, 1997
New York Islanders: Named Brad McCrimmon assistant coach.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Dale Purinton.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Reached agreement with the Vancouver Canucks to place their players at Syracuse of the AHL.

Aug 18, 1997
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Mike Vernon and a fifth-round pick (later traded back to Detroit; 149th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for a second-round pick (later traded to St. Louis; 41st overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 47th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Kevin Lowe to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman John Slaney, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender John Nabokov.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Mike Sillinger.

Aug 15, 1997
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Steve Smith.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Joe Kocur to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Matthieu Descoteaux to a multi-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Sean O'Donnell to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Barry Potomski and defenseman Peter Allen.
Washington Capitals: Named Bryan Trottier head coach at Portland of the AHL.

Aug 14, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Michael Bales.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Mike Fountain to a multi-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Jason Botterill and defenseman Frederic Bouchard to three-year contracts.
New York Islanders: Announced that goaltender Tommy Salo was awarded a one-year, $750,000 contract by an arbitrator.
New York Rangers: Named Craig MacTavish assistant coach.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Chris Gratton to an offer sheet.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Tim Keyes.

Aug 13, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Igor Nikulin to a two-year contract and goaltender Blaine Russell to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Matched a three-year, $21 million offer sheet tendered to center Joe Sakic by the New York Rangers.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Trevor Letowski to a multi-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Jarrod Skalde, who had been with the Calgary Flames; signed goaltender Jamie Ram, who had been with the New York Rangers.

Aug 12, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Named Brian McCutcheon head coach at Rochester of the AHL.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Doug Lidster.
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Mike Maneluk to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Jiri Slegr from the Edmonton Oilers for a third-round pick (later traded to New Jersey; 82nd overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Craig Conroy; signed left wings Terry Yake and Bruce Ramsay and right wing Blair Atcheynum.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defensemen Matt Martin, Rob Zettler and left wing Todd Warriner to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Markus Naslund.
Washington Capitals: Promoted Shawn Simpson to director of hockey operations.

Aug 11, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed goaltender Guy Hebert to a two-year contract and defenseman Dmitri Mironov to a one-year contract; signed right wing Jeff Nielsen.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Patrice Tardif and defenseman Mike Hurlbut.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Pat Jablonski to a multi-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Boyd Devereaux to a multi-year contract.

Aug 8, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Derek Plante and defenseman Darryl Shannon.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Jean-Francois Labbe to a multi-year contract.

Aug 7, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Named Gilbert Perreault corporate and community relations liaison.
Vancouver Canucks: Matched the offer sheet for defenseman Mattias Ohlund, tendered by the Toronto Maple Leafs on Aug 1, 1997.

Aug 6, 1997
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Todd White and left wing Petri Varis.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Yanic Perreault.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Mike Peluso; signed center Joe Sakic to an offer sheet.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Paul Holmgren director of player personnel.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Martin Simard to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Martin Straka.

Aug 5, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Reached an agreement with the Calgary Flames concerning compensation should Anaheim hire Pierre Page as head coach. 
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Dixon Ward to a multi-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Darren Langdon.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Arturs Irbe, who had been with the Dallas Stars.
Washington Capitals: Named Dave Prior goaltending coach.

Aug 4, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed center Ted Drury, right wing Craigh Reichert and left wings Jeremy Stevenson and Bob Wren to two-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Joe Thornton to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Jim Cummins and defenseman Eric Weinrich.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Brian Savage and defenseman Jassen Cullimore to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Craig Rivet to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Jeff Christian, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Pierre Turgeon to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Patrick Poulin.

Aug 1, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Tomas Sandstrom, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Named Carey Bracko general manager at Calgary of the WHL, effective Aug 18, 1997.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Igor Larionov to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Paul Laus to a four-year contract; signed defenseman Trevor Doyle.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Chris Taylor to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Phil Crowe to a one-year contract and defenseman Janne Laukkanen to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Gord Roberts assistant coach.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Kevyn Adams; signed defenseman Mattias Ohlund to an offer sheet.

Jul 31, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed defenseman J.J. Daigneault to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Justin Hocking and right wing Mike Prokopec to one-year contracts and defenseman Erich Goldmann to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Jim McKenzie to a one-year contract; signed right wing Darin Kimble and center/right wing Scott Levins to multi-year contracts.

Jul 30, 1997
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Roman Vopat to a three-year contract. New York Rangers: Named Mark Piazza vice president of operations.

Jul 29, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Announced Don Lever will return to the team in the role of associate coach.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Tony Amonte to a five-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Steve Passmore to a multi-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named Joe Cirella assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed right wing Glen Murray to a two-year contract and defenseman Jaroslav Modry to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Jason York to a multi-year contract.

Jul 28, 1997
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Bob Errey, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Denny Lambert to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Mark Messier, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a three-year contract.

Jul 25, 1997
Boston Bruins: Named Rod Langway assistant of Providence of the AHL.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Enrico Ciccone from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Ryan Risidore and a fifth-round pick (later traded to Toronto; 126th overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Benoit Hogue to a one-year contract; signed center Tony Hrkac to a two-year contract; signed center Chris Tancill and left wing Kevin Sawyer, who had been with the San Jose Sharks and Boston Bruins, to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed goaltender Byron Dafoe to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Darren Turcotte from the San Jose Sharks for left wing Stephane Matteau;
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Murray Craven from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Petri Varis and a sixth-round pick (158th overall, Blackhawks selected Jari Viuhkola) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 24, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Named Mike Ramsey an assistant coach.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Bates Battaglia to a multi-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Vladimir Tsyplakov to a two-year contract.

Jul 23, 1997
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Scott Ferguson and center Scott Fraser to one-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Dan Focht, their first-round pick in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Named Tim Hunter assistant coach.

Jul 21, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Named Lindy Ruff head coach.
Calgary Flames: Named Rick Preston assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Dan Bylsma to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Sergei Berezin to a multi-year contract.

Jul 18, 1997
Detroit Red Wings: Signed head coach Scotty Bowman to a two-year contract extension; promoted Ken Holland to general manager; announced assistant coaches Dave Lewis and Barry Smith will return for two more years.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Bill O'Flaherty director of player personnel; signed defenseman Mark Visheau to a two-year contract.

Jul 17, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Named Don Hay assistant coach.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Antti Laaksonen to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Andy Moog, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Clayton Beddoes, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Brett Bruininks to a one-year contract.

Jul 16, 1997
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Darryl Sydor to a one-year contract; signed right wing Peter Douris to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired right wing Brantt Myhres and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 67th overall, Oilers selected Alex Henry) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Vladimir Vujtek and a third-round pick (72nd overall, Lightning selected Dimitri Afanasenkov) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Oleg Kvasha.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Olli Jokinen, their first-round pick in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Jeff Finley, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Travis VanTighem to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Richard Lintner to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Ron Sutter; signed centers Marco Sturm and Alex Korolyuk.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Rich Parent and defensemen Chris McAlpine, Terry Virtue and Terry Hollinger.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Yves Racine, who had been with the Calgary Flames.

Jul 15, 1997
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Espen Knutsen.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center Ted Donato to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Pavel Kubina and centers Eduard Pershin and Vadim Yepanchintsev.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Lubomir Vaic.

Jul 14, 1997
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Luke Richardson, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Grant Ledyard.
San Jose Sharks: Named Paul Baxter assistant coach.

Jul 11, 1997
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Dean Chynoweth to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Jari Kurri, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Andrei Kovalenko to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Named John Ferguson Jr. assistant general manager; named Ted Hampson director of amateur scouting; named Bob Plager director of professional scouting; named Jerry Jasiek vice president of finance/hockey administration.

Jul 10, 1997
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Jamie Heward to a one-year contract; signed center Martin Cerven.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Benoit Allaire goaltending coach.

Jul 9, 1997
Edmonton Oilers: Named Gilles Leger team scout.
St. Louis Blues: Fired director of professional playing personnel Jim Pappin.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Bill Houlder; signed Andrei Zyuzin, their first-round pick in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft; signed defenseman Richard Brennan.

Jul 8, 1997
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Brent Gilchrist, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Rick Tocchet, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Rudy Poeschek, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Glenn Healy, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a three-year contract.

Jul 7, 1997
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Dallas Eakins, who had been with the New York Rangers.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Mike Keane, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a multi-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Wayne Cashman head coach; promoted Keith Acton from assistant coach to associate coach.

Jul 4, 1997
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Mike Watt to a multi-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Dave Gagner, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Terry Carkner to a three-year contract; bought out the final year of center Martin Straka's contract.

Jul 3, 1997
Calgary Flames: Named Brian Sutter head coach.
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced senior vice president Bob Pulford is stepping down as general manager; named Bob Murray general manager.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Shawn Chambers to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Bill Huard, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a multi-year contract; signed left wing Doug Friedman.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Ivan Ciernik to a multi-year contract and left wing Marc Labelle to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced that goaltending coach Pete Peeters will not return to the club next season.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Derek King, who had been with the Hartford Whalers and center Mike Kennedy, who had been with the Dallas Stars.

Jul 2, 1997
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Dave Ellett, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Dirk Graham and Steve Richmond scouts.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Ed Belfour, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Ted Green assistant coach.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Martin Lapointe to a four-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Sergei Nemchinov, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks; re-signed center Claude Lapointe; renewed their affiliation agreement with Utah of the IHL.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Mike Stapleton to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Fired assistant general manager Bob Berry.

Jul 1, 1997
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Ken Baumgartner, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wings Mike Hough and Jim Storm and goaltender Wade Flaherty.
New York Rangers: Signed head coach Colin Campbell to a multi-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Announced that goaltender Jon Casey, defenseman Trent Yawney, left wing Sergio Momesso and right wing Rob Pearson have accepted contract buyouts and were released.
Washington Capitals: Named Mike Backman part-time scout.

Jun 30, 1997
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Elias Abrahamsson to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Made qualifying offers to the following players: defensemen Bob Boughner, Alexei Zhitnik, Darryl Shannon, centers Derek Plante and Michael Peca and left wings Michal Grosek and Miroslav Satan; did not make qualifying offers to centers Terry Yake and Paul Rushforth and right wing Ed Ronan.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Dan Keczmer to a two-year contract.

Jun 27, 1997
Boston Bruins: Named Bobby Francis assistant coach.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Craig Ludwig to a one-year contract.

Jun 26, 1997
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Andrei Yakhonov to a one-year contract; signed goaltender John Grahame to a two-year contract. Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of center Denis Savard.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center John Madden.

Jun 24, 1997
Detroit Red Wings: Named Mark Howe pro scout.

Jun 23, 1997
Phoenix Coyotes: Named John Tortorella assistant coach.

Jun 21, 1997
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Mike Sullivan from the Calgary Flames for a seventh-round pick (192nd overall, Flames selected Radek Duda) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Rick Tabaracci from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a fourth-round pick (92nd overall, Lightning selected Eric Beaudoin) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Mike Peluso from the St. Louis Blues for future considerations.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 23rd overall, Sharks selected Scott Hannan) in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for a second-round pick (28th overall, Hurricanes selected Brad DeFauw) in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (71st overall, Hurricanes selected Erik Cole) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Shawn Burr from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a fifth-round pick (108th overall, Lightning selected Mark Thompson) in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 19, 1997
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the resignation of pro scout Peter Mahovlich to accept a position with the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Jamie Huscroft to a multi-year contract.

Jun 18, 1997
Calgary Flames: Fired head coach Pierre Page.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Kjell Samuelsson to a one-year contract; acquired center Martin Cerven from the Edmonton Oilers for a seventh-round pick (187th overall, Oilers selected Chad Hinz) in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 17, 1997
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Jason Zent to a one-year contract.

Jun 16, 1997
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Martin Prochazka.

Jun 13, 1997
Boston Bruins: Signed center wing Shawn Bates to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Fired head coach Terry Murray.

Jun 12, 1997
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Mike Lankshear from the Toronto Maple Leafs for defenseman Per Gustafsson.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Jim Montgomery to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Kevin Constantine head coach.

Jun 11, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Named Darcy Regier general manager.
Washington Capitals: Released assistant coaches Keith Allain and Tod Button.

Jun 10, 1997
Montreal Canadiens: Named Clement Jodoin and Roland Melanson assistant coaches; signed defenseman Stephane Robidas and left wing Martin Hohenberger to three-year contracts; signed left wing Jean-Francois Houle to a two-year contract.

Jun 9, 1997
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Jim Schoenfeld head coach.
San Jose Sharks: Named Darryl Sutter head coach.
St. Louis Blues: Named Larry Pleau general manager.
Washington Capitals: Named George McPhee general manager and Ron Wilson head coach.

Jun 6, 1997
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wings Daniel Bienvenue, Mark Dutiaume and Denis Hamel, defenseman Jean-Luc Grand-Pierre and center Mike Zanutto.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Guy Carbonneau to a one-year contract; signed right wing Juha Lind to a one-year contract.

Jun 5, 1997
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed head coach Craig Hartsburg to a two-year contract extension through the 1999-2000 season.

Jun 4, 1997
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Aaron McDonald, left wing Dave Duerden and defensemen John Jakopin and Mikael Tjallden.
New York Rangers: Signed center Marc Savard.

Jun 3, 1997
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Dan Smith to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Kyle Peterson to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Fired head coach Jim Schoenfeld.

Jun 2, 1997
St. Louis Blues: Acquired goaltender Brent Johnson from the Colorado Avalanche for a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 55th overall, Avalanche selected Rick Berry) in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft; signed right wing Reed Low and goaltender Scott Roche.

Mar 1, 1997
Boston Bruins: Acquired goaltender Jim Carey, center Jason Allison, right wing Anson Carter and a third-round pick (63rd overall, Bruins selected Lee Goren) in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for goaltender Bill Ranford, center Adam Oates and right wing Rick Tocchet.

Feb 25, 1997
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Doug Gilmour, defenseman Dave Ellett and a third-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 95th overall, Devils selected Andre Lakos) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for defenseman Jason Smith and centers Steve Sullivan and Alyn McCauley.

Feb 8, 1997
San Jose Sharks: Claimed left wing Bob Errey off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.

Jan 31, 1997
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Craig Wolanin from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a third-round pick (later traded to Edmonton; 67th overall) in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
