Oct 25, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Sam Reinhart and goaltender Linus Ullmark to one-year contracts.

Oct 24, 2020
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Josh Leivo, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.

Oct 23, 2020
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Nikita Nesterov to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Gustav Forsling to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed goaltender Landon Bow to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Marco Rossi to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Louis Belpedio to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Travis Dermott to a one-year contract.

Oct 22, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Casey Nelson to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Dominik Simon, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Antoine Bibeau, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Denis Gurianov to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Dmitry Kulikov, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Connor Brown to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Jake Virtanen to two-year contract.

Oct 21, 2020
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Zach Senyshyn to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Drew Shore to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Kris Russell to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Scott Wilson, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing A.J. Greer to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Jonas Siegenthler to a one-year contract.

Oct 20, 2020
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Karson Kuhlman to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Kaiden Guhle to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Nick Merkley to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Ilya Mikhkeyev to a two-year contract.

Oct 19, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Christian Fischer to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Steven Fogarty, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Joakim Nordstrom, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender Hunter Miska to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Ian McCoshen, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Adam Gaudette to a one-year contract; signed left wing Jayce Hawryluk, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed right wing Keegan Kolesar to a two-year contract.

Oct 18, 2020
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Tyson Jost to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Rem Pitlick to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center J.C. Beaudin to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Mitch Reinke and left wing Austin Poganski to one-year contracts.

Oct 17, 2020
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Matt Grzelcyk to a four-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Joey Daccord to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Cody Ceci, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Sam Miletic to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Jake Neighbours to a three-year contract.

Oct 16, 2020
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Andrew Mangiapane to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Jeremy Bracco, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed right wing David Gust to a one-year contract; signed left wing Sheldon Rempal, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Gabriel Carlsson to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Quinton Byfield to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Parker Wotherspoon to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Darren Raddysh and center Gabriel Fontaine to one-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Rudolfs Balcers to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Nolan Patrick to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Ozzy Wiesblatt to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Joe Thornton, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Jake Kielly to a one-year contract.

Oct 15, 2020
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender Tyler Parsons to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Steven Lorentz to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Bokondji Imama to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Anthony Deangelo to a two-year contract; re-signed goaltender Alexandar Georgiev to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Evgeni Dadonov, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a three-year contract.

Oct 14, 2020
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Jakub Zboril to a two-year contract; signed center Greg McKegg, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Callum Booth, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Glenn Gawdin to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed goaltender Philippe Desrosiers to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Brendan Gallagher to a six-year contract extension; signed goaltender Jake Allen to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Nicholas Paul to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Tyson Foerster to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Shane Gersich to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Nelson Nogier to a two-year contract.

Oct 13, 2020
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Vasili Ponomarev to a three-year contract; re-signed center Clark Bishop and right wing Spencer Smallman to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Kasimir Kaskisuo, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Tyler Lewington, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Mitch Vande Sompel to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Matt Nieto, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Patrick Marleau, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Aaron Dell, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Ashton Sautner to a one-year contract.

Oct 12, 2020
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Joakim Ryan, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Mattias Janmark, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed center Lucas Wallmark, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Ryan Graves to a three-year contract; acquired defenseman Devon Toews from the New York Islanders for a second-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Austin Strand to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Kaapo Kahkonen to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Tyler Toffoli, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a four-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Brad Richardson, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Grant Hutton to a two-year contract; signed right wing Austin Czarnik, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Alexis Lafreniere to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Erik Gustafsson, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed center Zayde Wisdom to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Ben Thomas to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Alex Pietrangelo, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a seven-year contract.

Oct 11, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Maxim Golod to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Taylor Hall, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Kyle Burroughs from the New York Islanders for left wing A.J. Greer. 
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Radek Faksa to a five-year contract; re-signed center Joel L'Esperance to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Vladislav Namestnikov, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Scott Wedgewood to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Phillip Di Giuseppe to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Kyle Clifford, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Jimmy Vesey, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Danny O'Regan to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Daniel Carr, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Derek Forbort, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.

Oct 10, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Andy Welinski, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Johan Larsson, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Dryden Hunt, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Jordan Gross to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Craig Smith, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a three-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Brandon Montour to a one-year contract; signed center Cody Eakin, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Louis Domingue, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Jesper Fast, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Nikita Zadorov to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Brandon Saad and defenseman Dennis Gilbert from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Nikita Zadorov and defenseman Anton Lindholm; re-signed left wing Valeri Nichushkin to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Jayson Megna to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Andre Burakovsky to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Mikko Koivu, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Mark Pysyk, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Troy Stecher, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Thomas Greiss, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Tyson Barrie, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender Mike Smith to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Troy Grosenick, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Mark Alt, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Jordan Greenway to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Andreas Johnsson from the Toronto Maple Leafs for right wing Joey Anderson.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Austin Watson from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Derrick Pouliot, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Maxime Lagace, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a one-year contract; signed center Frederick Gaudreau, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Anthony Angello to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Sam Anas, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Curtis McKenzie, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Steven Santini, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Kevin Labanc to a four-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Ross Colton to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Travis Boyd, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Zach Bogosian, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Tomas Jurco, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Paul LaDue, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Cameron Schilling, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Trevor van Riemsdyk, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Dominic Toninato, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; signed center Nate Thompson, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing C.J. Suess to a two-year contract.

Oct 9, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a three-year contract; signed center Derek Grant, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a three-year contract; signed center Vinni Lettieri, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Andrew Poturalski to a one-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Tyler Pitlick, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a two-year contract; signed center John Hayden, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Kevan Miller to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Matt Irwin, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Tobias Rieder, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Brandon Davidson, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Alex Petrovic, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Chris Tanev, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Jacob Markstrom, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a six-year contract; re-signed center Byron Froese to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Buddy Robinson to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Zac Rinaldo to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Dominik Kubalik to a two-year contract; re-signed goaltender Malcolm Subban to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Miikka Salomaki, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Sheldon Dries to a one-year contract; signed right wing Kiefer Sherwood, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; signed center Michael Vecchione, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Gavin Bayreuther, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed goaltender Anton Khudobin to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Kevin Boyle, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jon Merill, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Bobby Ryan, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Riley Barber, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract; signed center Kyle Criscuolo, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Anton Forsberg, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Tyler Ennis to a one-year contract; signed center Kyle Turris, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Seth Griffith, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; signed center Alan Quine, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Alexander Wennberg, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Vinnie Hinostroza, who had been with the Arizona Coyotes, to a one-year contract; signed center Carter Verhaeghe, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Radko Gudas, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a three-year contract; signed center Ryan Lomberg, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Cam Talbot, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Dakota Mermis, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; signed center Joseph Cramarossa, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Victor Mete to a one-year contract; signed left wing Brandon Baddock, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Xavier Ouellet to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Nick Cousins, who had been with the Vegas Golden Knights, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Mark Borowiecki, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to two-year contract; signed defenseman Matthew Benning, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Corey Crawford, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Colin Blackwell, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jack Johnson, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Kevin Rooney, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Keith Kinkaid, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Anthony Greco, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Brandon Crawley to a one-year contract; signed center Jonny Brodzinski, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Anthony Bitetto, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract. 
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Matt Murray to a four-year contract; re-signed left wing Matthew Peca to a one-year contract; signed center Logan Shaw, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Evan Rodrigues, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Josh Currie, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Mark Jankowski, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Stefan Noesen to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Torey Krug, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a seven-year contract; signed goaltender Jon Gillies, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Luke Schenn to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Patrick Maroon to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Christopher Gibson, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Andreas Borgman, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman T.J. Brodie, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a four-year contract; signed right wing Wayne Simmonds, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Braden Holty, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to two-year contract; re-signed left wing Tyler Motte to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed center Tomas Nosek to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Henrik Lundqvist, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Justin Schultz, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract; announced the retirement of defenseman Connor Hobbs
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired center Paul Stastny from the Vegas Golden Knights for defenseman Clas Dahlstrom and a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft; re-signed defenseman Nathan Beaulieu and right wing Mason Appleton to two-year contracts; re-signed defenseman Luca Sbisa to a one-year contract.

Oct 8, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Chase De Leo to a one-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Zemgus Girgensons to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Matiss Kivlenieks to a one-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wings Taro Hirose and Adam Erne to one-year contract extensions.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Markus Nutivaara from the Columbus Blue Jackets for right wing Cliff Pu.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Josh Anderson to a seven-year contract extension; signed defenseman Noah Juulsen to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Matt Bartkowski and left wing Kyle Rau to one-year contract extensions.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Ryan Murray from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fifth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Erik Gudbranson from the Anaheim Ducks for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Sam Lafferty to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Spencer Martin to a one-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Jimmy Schuldt and center Reid Duke to one-year contract extensions.

Oct 7, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired a seventh-round pick (207th overall, Ducks select Ethan Bowen) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2021 or 2022 NHL Draft.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired a seventh-round pick (192nd ove
rall, Coyotes selected Elliot Ekefjard) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils for a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired a second-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft (34th overall, Sabres selected John-Jason Peterka) from the San Jose Sharks for second- (38th overall, Sharks selected Thomas Bordeleau) and fourth-round (later traded to Edmtonton) picks in the 2020 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Jonas Johansson to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired a seventh-round pick (188th overall, Blackhawks selected Louis Crevier) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired a fifth-round pick (139th overall, Avalanche selected Ryder Rolston) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for fifth- (149th overall, Penguins selected Raivis Ansons) and seventh-round (later traded to Washington) picks in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Max Domi to a two-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Chicago via Montreal; 203rd overall, Red Wings selected Chase Bradley) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the St. Louis Blues for a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Lias Andersson from the New York Rangers for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Vegas; Rangers selected Will Cuylle) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 45th overall, Kings selected Brock Faber) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for second- and fourth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Vancouver; 51st and 97th overall, Red Wings selected Theodor Niederbach and Sam Stange) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 140th overall, Kings selected Ben Meehan) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for a sixth-round pick (159th overall, Hurricanes selected Lucas Mercuri) in the 2020 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Jesse Puljujarvi to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 65th overall, Wild selected Daemon Hunt) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for third- and fifth-round picks (the former previously re-acquired from Nashville; 70th and 132nd overall, Red Wings selected Eemil Viro and Alex Cotton) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina; 146th overall, Wild selected Pavel Novak) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the St. Louis Blues for sixth- and seventh-round picks (163rd and 194th overall, Blues selected Will Cranley and Noah Beck) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Luke Kunin and a fourth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft (101st overall, Predators selected Adam Wilsby) from the Minnesota Wild for center Nick Bonino, a second-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft (previously acquired from New Jersey; 37th overall, Wild selected Marat Khusnutdinov) and a fourth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft (previously acquired from Minnesota, later traded to Detroit); bought out the contracts of center Kyle Turris and defenseman Steven Santini.
New York Rangers: Acquired a fifth-round pick (127th overall, Rangers selected Evan Vierling) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for two seventh-round picks (one previously acquired from Vancouver; 196th and 206th overall, Sharks selected Alex Young and Linus Oberg) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired goaltender Matt Murray from the Pittsburgh Penguins for center Jonathan Gruden and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus; 52nd overall, Penguins selected Joel Blomqvist) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired a second-round pick (44th overall, Senators selected Tyler Kleven) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for second- and third-round picks (the former previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 59th and 64th overall, Maple Leafs selected Roni Hirvonen and Topi Niemela) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit; 94th overall, Flyers selected Zayde Wisdom) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for fourth- and fifth-round picks (116th and 147th overall, Lightning selected Eamon Powell and Jaydon Dureau) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired a fifth-round pick (135th overall, Flyers select Elliot Desnoyers) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for two seventh-round picks (one previously acquired from Montreal; 202nd and 209th overall, Predators selected Gunnarwolfe Fontaine and Chase McLane) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a third-round pick (76th overall, Sharks selected Daniil Gushchin) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for fourth- and fifth-round picks (previously acquired from Buffalo and Ottawa; 100th and 126th overall, Oilers selected Carter Savoie and Tyler Tullio) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (98th overall, Sharks selected Brandon Coe) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a third-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft; signed center Antti Suomela to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis; 57th overall, Lightning selected Jack Finley) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a second-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick (124th overall, Canadiens selected Sean Farrell) in the 2020 NHL Draft; signed center Mitchell Stephens to a two-year contract extension; signed left wing Gemel Smith to a one-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 137th overall, Maple Leafs selected Dmitri Ovchinnikov) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Florida Panthers for fifth- (previously acquired from Vegas; 153rd overall, Panthers selected Kasper Puutio) and seventh-round picks (212th overall, Panthers selected Devon Levi) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (213rd overall, Maple Leafs selected Ryan Tverberg) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Boston Bruins for a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired a fifth-round pick (125th overall, Golden Knights select Jesper Vikman) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for a fourth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed center Chandler Stephenson to a four-year contract extension; signed left wing Gage Quinney to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 211th overall, Capitals selected Oskar Magnusson) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Dylan DeMelo to a four-year contract extension.

Oct 6, 2020
Detroit Red Wings: Bought out the contract of right wing Justin Abdelkader.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Josh Anderson from the Columbus Blue Jackets for center Max Domi and a third-round pick (78th overall, Blue Jackets selected Samuel Knazko) in the 2020 NHL Draft; bought out the contract of defenseman Karl Alzner.
New York Rangers: Acquired a first-round pick (20th overall, Rangers selected Braden Schneider) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Calgary Flames for first- (previously acquired from Carolina, later traded to Washington) and third-round (72nd overall, Flames selected Jeremie Poirier) picks in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina via the New York Rangers; 22nd overall, Capitals selected Hendrix Lapierre) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Calgary Flames for first- and third-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Arizona via Colorado; 24th and 80th overall, Flames selected Connor Zary and Jake Boltmann) in the 2020 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Brenden Dillon to a four-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Zack MacEwen to a two-year contract extension.

Oct 5, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Kyle Capobianco to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Ilya Lyubushkin to a one-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Tage Thompson to a three-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Mikey Eyssimont and right wing Matt Luff to one-year contract extensions.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Carson Soucy to a three-year contract extension; signed center Nico Sturm to a two-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Sebastian Aho to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Josh Brown to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Justin Braun to a two-year contract extension; announced the retirement of defenseman Matt Niskanen.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Bought out the contract of defenseman Jack Johnson.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Devan Dubnyk, left wing Ryan Donato and a seventh-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota) in the 2021 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed left wing Jayden Halbgewachs and defenseman Jacob Middleton to two-year contract extensions; signed center Maxim Letunov and defenseman Niclas Meloche to one-year contract extensions.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Jason Spezza to a one-year contract extension.

Oct 4, 2020
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Kole Sherwood to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Andrej Sekera to a two-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Olli Maatta from the Chicago Blackhawks for center Brad Morrison.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Nolan Stevens to a one-year contract extension.

Oct 3, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Bought out the contract of left wing Michael Grabner.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Brian Elliott to a one-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Tristan Jarry to a three-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Robin Lehner to a five-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Lucas Johansen to a one-year contract extension.

Oct 2, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Andrew Oglevie to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Josh Brown from the Florida Panthers for a fourth-round pick (95th overall, Panthers selected Michael Benning) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Denis Malgin to a one-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Laurent Brossoit to a one-year contract extension.

Sep 30, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Michael McNiven to a one-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Josh Jacobs and left wings Ben Street and Brett Seney to one-year contract extensions.
New York Rangers: Bought out the contract of goaltender Henrik Lundqvist.

Sep 29, 2020
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Devin Cooley to a two-year contract.

Sep 28, 2020
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Justin Kirkland to a one-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Brandon Pirri from the Vegas Golden Knights for left wing Dylan Sikura.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Dominic Turgeon to a one-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Jake Lucchini to a one-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Robert Hagg to a two-year contract extension.

Sep 26, 2020
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Marc Staal and a second-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft from the New York Rangers for future considerations; signed center Sam Gagner and left wing Turner Elson to one-year contract extensions.

Sep 25, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Jeff Petry to a four-year contract extension; signed center Joseph Blandisi to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Bought out the contract of right wing Bobby Ryan.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Alex Lyon to a one-year contract extension.

Sep 24, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Curtis Lazar to a two-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Patric Hornqvist from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Mike Matheson and left wing Colton Sceviour.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Yakov Trenin to a two-year contract extension.

Sep 23, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Jake Evans to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Michael McCarron to a one-year contract extension.

Sep 19, 2020
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Daniel Sprong to a two-year contract extension.

Sep 18, 2020
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Logan O'Connor to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Jared McCann to a two-year contract extension.

Sep 17, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Joel Edmundson to a four-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Nicola Aube-Kubel to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Brian Pinho to a two-year contract extension.

Sep 16, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired center Eric Staal from the Minnesota Wild for center Marcus Johansson.

Sep 15, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Adin Hill to a one-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Jonas Brodin to a seven-year contract extension.

Sep 12, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Joel Edmundson from the Carolina Hurricanes for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles) in the 2020 NHL Draft.

Sep 11, 2020
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Sean Walker to a four-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Nick Bjugstad from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.

Sep 10, 2020
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Adam Cracknell to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Jacob de la Rose to a one-year contract extension.

Sep 9, 2020
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Alexander Green to a two-year contract.

Sep 5, 2020
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Juuso Riikola to a two-year contract extension.

Sep 4, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Lukas Vejdemo to a one-year contract extension.

Sep 2, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired goaltender Jake Allen and a seventh-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft from the St. Louis Blues for third- (previously acquired from Washington; 86th overall, Blues selected Dylan Peterson) and seventh-round (previously acquired from Chicago, later traded to Detroit) picks in the 2020 NHL Draft.

Sep 1, 2020
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Austin Wagner to a three-year contract extension; signed left wing Carl Grundstrom to a two-year contract extension.

Aug 31, 2020
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Patrick Russell to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Brady Keeper to a one-year contract.

Aug 28, 2020
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Chad Ruhwedel to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Joel Kellman to a two-year contract extension.

Aug 26, 2020
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Mike Green.

Aug 25, 2020
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wings Kasperi Kapanen and Pontus Aberg, and defenseman Jesper Lindgren from the Toronto Maple Leafs for center Filip Hallander, right wing Evan Rodrigues, defenseman David Warsofsky and a first-round pick (15th overall, Maple Leafs selected Rodion Amirov) in the 2020 NHL Draft

Aug 24, 2020
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Robby Fabbri to a two-year contract extension.

Aug 23, 2020
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Dan Vladar to a three-year contract extension.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Blake Speers to a one-year contract extension.

Aug 21, 2020
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Josh Maniscalco to a three-year contract.

Aug 19, 2020
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Ryan Shea to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Zach Fucale to a one-year contract.

Aug 18, 2020
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Cameron Morrison to a two-year contract.

Aug 17, 2020
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Matt Filipe to a two-year contract.

Aug 16, 2020
Tampa Bay Lightning: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Oleg Sosunov.

Aug 15, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Lane Pederson to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Granted leave of absence to goaltender Tuukka Rask to opt out of the 2020 NHL Playoffs.

Aug 13, 2020
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of defenseman Dan Hamhuis.

Aug 10, 2020
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Reilly Walsh to a three-year contract.

Aug 9, 2020
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Evgeny Svechnikov to a one-year contract extension.

Aug 7, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Jacob Larsson to a two-year contract extension.

Aug 6, 2020
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Robert Lantosi to a one-year contract.

Aug 5, 2020
Florida Panthers: Signed center Henry Bowlby to a two-year contract.

Jul 31, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Brett Murray to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Morgan Barron to a three-year contract.

Jul 29, 2020
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Anders Bjork to a three-year contract extension.

Jul 28, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Sonny Milano to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Anthony Richard to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 24, 2020
Chicago Blackhawks: Granted leave of absence to defenseman Brent Seabrook to opt out of the 2020 NHL Playoffs.

Jul 22, 2020
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Oskar Lindblom to a three-year contract extension.

Jul 18, 2020
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Teemu Kivihalme to a two-year contract extension.

Jul 17, 2020
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Sean Day to a one-year contract.

Jul 16, 2020
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Ian Mitchell to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Wyatt Kalynuk to a two-year contract; signed center Pius Suter to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with goaltender Niclas Westerholm.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing Jack Dugan to a two-year contract.

Jul 15, 2020
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Grigori Denisenko to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Sean Malone to a one-year contract.

Jul 14, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Troy Terry to a three-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Ilya Sorokin to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jack Rathbone to a three-year contract.

Jul 13, 2020
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Mikhail Grigorenko to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Kirill Kaprizov to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Alexander Romanov to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Ilya Sorokin to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Mark Friedman to a two-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Logan Thompson to a two-year contract.

Jul 12, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Andy Miele.

Jul 11, 2020
Boston Bruins: Granted leave of absence to defenseman Steven Kampfer to opt out of the 2020 NHL Playoffs.
Dallas Stars: Granted leave of absence to defenseman Roman Polak to opt out of the 2020 NHL Playoffs.
Edmonton Oilers: Granted leave of absence to defenseman Mike Green to opt out of the 2020 NHL Playoffs.
Montreal Canadiens: Granted leave of absence to defenseman Karl Alzner to opt out of the 2020 NHL Playoffs.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Granted leave of absence to defenseman Zach Trotman to opt out of the 2020 NHL Playoffs.
Vancouver Canucks: Granted leave of absence to left wing Sven Baertschi to opt out of the 2020 NHL Playoffs.

Jul 10, 2020
Calgary Flames: Granted leave of absence to defenseman Travis Hamonic to opt out of the 2020 NHL Playoffs.

Jul 1, 2020
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Victor Berglund to a three-year contract.

Jun 30, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Dysin Mayo to a one-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Jiri Patera to a three-year contract.

Jun 22, 2020
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of right wing Chris Thorburn.

Jun 15, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Oskari Laaksonen to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Artyom Zagidulin to a one-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Ryan Reaves to a two-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Arvid Holm to a three-year contract.

Jun 14, 2020
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Kristian Reichel to a two-year contract.

Jun 11, 2020
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Oscar Dansk to a one-year contract.

Jun 10, 2020
Dallas Stars: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Ondrej Vala. 

Jun 5, 2020
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Albert Johansson to a three-year contract.

Jun 3, 2020
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Arthur Kaliyev and defenseman Jordan Spence to three-year contracts.

Jun 1, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Kodie Curran to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Fredrik Karlstrom to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Connor Corcoran to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Declan Chisholm to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2020
New York Rangers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Sean Day. 

May 30, 2020
Philadelphia Flyers: Signe defenseman Linus Hogberg to a two-year contract.

May 29, 2020
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Matej Chalupa to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Linus Olund. 

May 28, 2020
Colorado Avalanche: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Igor Shvyrev. 
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Blade Jenkins to a three-year contract.

May 15, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of right wing Ales Hemsky.

May 14, 2020
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Adam Brooks to a two-year contract extension.

May 12, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Cameron Hillis to a three-year contract.

May 11, 2020
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Timur Ibragimov to a three-year contract.

May 10, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Brendan Guhle to a two-year contract extension; signed center Sam Carrick to a one-year contract extension.

May 9, 2020
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the retirement of center Ben Sexton.
Washington Capitals: Terminated the contract of left wing Brendan Leipsic.

May 8, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of center Tony Martensson.
Arizona Coyotes: Announced the retirement of goaltender Miika Wiikman.
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of left wing Sean Bentivoglio.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Tyler Wall to a two-year contract.

May 7, 2020
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed Dmitry Semykin to a three-year contract.

May 6, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defensemen Jani Hakanpaa and Christian Djoos to one-year contract extensions.

May 4, 2020
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Mikko Lehtonen to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Alexei Melnichuk to a two-year contract; signed center Fredrik Handemark to a one-year contract.

May 2, 2020
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Ben Harpur to a one-year contract extension.

May 1, 2020
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Jaroslav Halak to a one-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Dustin Wolf to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Filip Berglund to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Arsen Khisamutdinov to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Artyom Zub to a one-year contract.

Apr 30, 2020
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Justus Annunen to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Markus Niemelainen to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Samuel Bolduc to a three-year contract.

Apr 29, 2020
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Johannes Kinnvall to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Victor Brattstrom to a two-year contract; signed left wing Mathias Brome to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Theodor Lennstrom to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Linus Sandin to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Radim Zohorna to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Nils Hoglander to a three-year contract.

Apr 28, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Matias Maccelli to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Gaetan Haas to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 27, 2020
Calgary Flames: Signed center Mathias Emilio Pettersen to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of right wing Joel Ward.

Apr 23, 2020
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Elvis Merzlikins to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 22, 2020
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed right wing Nicolas Roy to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 21, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Vasili Demchenko to a one-year contract.

Apr 20, 2020
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Mikhail Grigorenko to a one-year contract.

Apr 18, 2020
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Jacob Ingham to a three-year contract.

Apr 17, 2020
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Joonas Korpisalo to a two-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing MacKenzie MacEachern to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Daniel Walcott to a one-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Dustin Byfuglien. 

Apr 16, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the retirement of defenseman Andrei Markov.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Marco Scandella to a four-year contract extension.

Apr 15, 2020
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Alexandre Carrier to a three-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Will Reilly to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Sammy Blais to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 14, 2020
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced the retirement of left wing Kris Versteeg.

Apr 13, 2020
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Ian Mitchell to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Kevin Mandolese and defenseman Jonathan Aspirot to three-year contracts.

Apr 11, 2020
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Cole Hults to a two-year contract.

Apr 10, 2020
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Michal Teply to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Kurtis MacDermid to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 9, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Cameron Crotty to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Mark Kastelic to a three-year contract.

Apr 8, 2020
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Cole Schwindt to a three-year contract.

Apr 7, 2020
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Alexander Barabanov to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Dylan Samberg to a three-year contract.

Apr 6, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender David Tendeck to a three-year contract.

Apr 3, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Laurent Dauphin to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 2, 2020
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Evan Barratt to a three-year contract; signed right wing Andrei Altybarmakyan to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Kevin Lankinen and left wing Matthew Highmore to two-year contract extensions.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Tim Berni to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Justin Richards to a two-year contract.

Apr 1, 2020
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Filip Kral to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Kristians Rubins to a two-year contract.

Mar 31, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Roman Durny to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing John Leonard and defenseman Brinson Pasichnuk to two-year contracts.

Mar 30, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Michael Chaput to a one-year contract extension.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Jack Ahcan to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman John Ludvig to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Tyler Madden to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of goaltender Eddie Lack.

Mar 28, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Hunter Drew to a three-year contract; signed center Jack Badini to a two-year contract.

Mar 27, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Trevor Zegras to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Jacob MacDonald to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Wade Allison to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Scott Perunovich to a two-year contract.

Mar 26, 2020
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing T.J. Tynan to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Maxwell Gildon to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Alec Rauhause to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Hunter Jones to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Jesse Ylonen to a three-year contract.

Mar 25, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Mattias Samuelsson to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Gustav Olofsson to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Thomas Novak to a two-year contract.

Mar 24, 2020
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center David Cotton to a two-year contract; signed center Jason Cotton to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Mitchell Chaffee to a two-year contract.

Mar 23, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Dawson DiPietro to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Damien Giroux and left wing Adam Beckman to three-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Connor Ingram to a three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Tanner Laczynski to a two-year contract.

Mar 22, 2020
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Zach Whitecloud to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 21, 2020
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Raphael Lavoie to a three-year contract.

Mar 20, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Signed left wing Nate Sucese to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defensemen Connor Mackey and Colton Poolman to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Alex Belzile to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Patrick Harper to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Austin Rueschhoff to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Hugh McGing to a two-year contract.

Mar 19, 2020
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Ryan McGregor to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Cole Smith to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Marc Michaelis to a one-year contract; signed right wing William Lockwood to a two-year contract.

Mar 18, 2020
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Nick Wolff to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Brandon Biro to a two-year contract.

Mar 17, 2020
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Jeremy Swayman to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Cam Lee to a two-year contract.

Mar 16, 2020
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of goaltender Jonas Hiller.

Mar 13, 2020
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman K'Andre Miller to a three-year contract.

Mar 11, 2020
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Alex Turcotte to a three-year contract.

Mar 10, 2020
New York Rangers: Signed center Patrick Khodorenko to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Wyatte Wylie to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Drew O'Connor to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Mikael Abramov to a three-year contract.

Mar 9, 2020
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Jerad Rosburg to a one-year contract.

Mar 8, 2020
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Alex Biega to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 6, 2020
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Josh Archibald to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 5, 2020
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Damien Riat to a two-year contract.

Mar 4, 2020
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Jake Christiansen to a three-year contract.

Mar 3, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Bryce Kindopp to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Radim Simek to a four-year contract extension.

Mar 2, 2020
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Tyler Tucker to a three-year contract.

Feb 27, 2002
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed left wing William Carrier to a four-year contract extension.

Feb 24, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Joel Persson from the Edmonton Oilers for goaltender Angus Redmond and a conditional seventh-round pick (if Persson plays in at least 25 games for the Ducks in the 2020-21 season) in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Sonny Milano from the Columbus Blue Jackets for center Devin Shore; claimed center Andrew Agozzino off waigers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired right wing Markus Hannikainen from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a conditional seventh-round pick (if Hannikainen plays in at least 10 games for the Coyotes in the 2019-20 regular season, condition not met) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Nick Ritchie from the Anaheim Ducks for left wing Danton Heinen.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired left wing Dominik Kahun from the Pittsburgh Penguins for left wing Conor Sheary and center Evan Rodrigues; acquired right wing Wayne Simmonds from the New Jersey Devils for a conditional fifth-round pick (a fourth-round pick if Simmonds plays in at least 10 games of the 2019-20 regular season and Buffalo qualifies for the 2019-20 playoffs) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Erik Gustafsson from the Chicago Blackhawks for a conditional third-round pick (Chicago will receive the earlier of either Calgary's or Edmonton's pick, providing the latter becomes Calgary's property once its requirements have been met, condition not met; 81st overall, Blackhawks selected Wyatt Kaiser) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Derek Forbort from the Los Angeles Kings for a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft (a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft if Calgary reaches the 2020 Conference Finals and Forbort plays in at least 50% of their playoff games or if Forbort re-signs with Calgary).
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Sami Vatanen from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Fredrik Claesson, right wing Janne Kuokkanen and a conditional fourth-round pick (if Vatanen plays in at least 5 games for the Hurricanes in the 2019-20 regular season; a third-round pick if Vatanen plays in at least 12 games for the Hurricanes in the 2019-20 regular season or in 70% of their 2019-20 playoff games, <excessive conditions due to COVID pause>; 84th overall, Devils selected Nico Daws) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Brady Skjei from the New York Rangers for a conditional first-round pick (Rangers receive the later of either Carolina's or Toronto's pick, the latter previously been acquired by Carolina; later traded to Washington via Calgary) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired center Vincent Trocheck from the Florida Panthers for centers Erik Haula, Eetu Luostarinen and Lucas Wallmark and defenseman Chase Priskie.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired goaltender Malcolm Subban, defenseman Slava Demin and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 46th overall, Blackhawks selected Drew Commesso) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the Vegas Golden Knights for left wing Martins Dzierkals; acquired defenseman T.J. Brennan from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Nathan Noel.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Vladislav Namestnikov from the Ottawa Senators for a fourth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Claimed left wing Dmytro Timashov off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired right wing Andreas Athanasiou and left wing Ryan Kuffner from the Detroit Red Wings for center Sam Gagner, a second-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles) in the 2020 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Tyler Ennis from the Ottawa Senators for a fifth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Mike Green from the Detroit Red Wings for center Kyle Brodziak and a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft if Edmonton reaches the 2020 Conference Finals and Green plays in at least 50% of their playoff games, condition not met; 107th overall, Red Wings selected Jan Bednar) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Emil Djuse from the Dallas Stars for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo via Carolina; 162nd overall, Stars selected Yevgeni Oksentyuk) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Matthew Peca from the Montreal Canadiens for center Aaron Luchuk and a seventh-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Korbinian Holzer from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Matt Irwin and a sixth-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed right wing Rocco Grimaldi to two-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Acquired center Jean-Gabriel Pageau from the Ottawa Senators for a conditional first-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft (if the Islanders win the 2020 draft lottery and select in the top 3 the pick is transferred to 2021, condition not met; 28th overall, Senators selected Ridly Greig), a second-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft (later traded to Toronto) and a conditional third-round pick (if the Islanders win the 2020 Stanley Cup; condition not met) in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed center Jean-Gabriel Pageau to a six-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Chris Kreider to a seven-year contract extension. 
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Derek Grant from the Anaheim Ducks for center Kyle Criscuolo and a conditional fourth-round pick (Anaheim will receive the earlier of either Philadelphia's or Nashville's pick; previously acquired from Nashville; 104th overall, Ducks selected Thimo Nickl) in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired center Nate Thompson from the Montreal Canadiens for a fifth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Patrick Marleau from the San Jose Sharks for a conditional third-round pick (a second-round pick if Pittsburgh wins the 2020 Stanley Cup) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Brandon Davidson from the Calgary Flames for future considerations.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Barclay Goodrow and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 85th overall, Lightning selected Maxim Groshev) in the 2020 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for right wing Anthony Greco and a first-round pick (31st overall, Sharks selected Ozzy Wiesblatt) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired goaltender Robin Lehner from the Chicago Blackhawks for left wing Martins Dzierkals; acquired left wing Matt Lorito from the New York Islanders for defenseman Jordan Schmaltz; acquired defenseman Calle Rosen from the Colorado Avalanche for goaltender Michael Hutchinson; signed defenseman Jake Muzzin to a four-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Louis Domingue from the New Jersey Devils for goaltender Zane McIntyre.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired goaltender Robin Lehner from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a fifth-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft; acquired left wing Nick Cousins from the Montreal Canadiens for a fourth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Nick Holden to a two-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Daniel Sprong from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Christian Djoos.

Feb 23, 2020
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Julian Melchiori to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Hubert Labrie to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Zach Bogosian to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Ilya Kovalchuk from the Montreal Canadiens for a third-round pick (later traded to St. Louis) in the 2020 NHL Draft.

Feb 22, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Terminated the contract of defenseman Zach Bogosian.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Kevin Poulin to a one-year contract; signed right wing Martin Frk to a two-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Miikka Salomaki from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Ben Harpur.

Feb 21, 2020
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Ondrej Kase from the Anaheim Ducks for center David Backes, defenseman Axel Andersson and a first-round pick (27th overall, Ducks selected Jacob Perreault) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Pavel Francouz to a two-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired center Cody Eakin from the Vegas Golden Knights for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if Winnipeg reaches the 2019-20 playoffs or Eakins re-signs with Winnipeg before Jul 5, 2020) in the 2021 NHL Draft.

Feb 20, 2020
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Danick Martel from the Tampa Bay Lightning for right wing Anthony Greco.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Joseph Blandisi and left wing Jake Lucchini from the Pittsburgh Penguins for left wing Phil Varone and right wing Riley Barber.

Feb 19, 2020
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Stefan Matteau to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired goaltender Jean-Francois Berube from the Philadelphia Flyers for future considerations.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Denis Malgin from the Florida Panthers for left wing Mason Marchment; acquired right wing Max Veronneau from the Ottawa Senators for center Aaron Luckuk and a conditional sixth-round pick (if Veronneau plays in 10 NHL games for Toronto in either the 2019-20 or 2020-21 season) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired defenseman Alec Martinez from the Los Angeles Kings for a second-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers) in the 2020 NHL Draft and a second-round pick (previously acquired from St. Louis) in the 2021 NHL Draft.

Feb 18, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Taylor Leier to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Julien Gauthier from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Joey Keane.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Marco Scandella from the Montreal Canadiens for a second-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay) in the 2020 NHL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (if Scandella re-signs with St. Louis before Oct 7, 2020 or the Blues win two playoff rounds with Scandella playing in at least half the games, condition met) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Brenden Dillon from the San Jose Sharks for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 56th overall, Sharks selected Tristen Robins) in the 2020 NHL Draft and a conditional third-round pick (if Washington wins the 2020 Stanley Cup this will become a third-round pick in the 2020 NHL Draft previously acquired from Arizona, condition not met) in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired defenseman Dylan DeMelo from the Ottawa Senators for a third-round pick (71st overall, Senators selected Leevi Merilainen) in the 2020 NHL Draft.

Feb 17, 2020
Ottawa Senators: Claimed right wing Jayce Hawryluk off waivers from the Florida Panthers.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Tyler Toffoli from thee Los Angeles Kings for left wing Tim Schaller, center Tyler Madden, a second-round pick (later traded to Detroit) in the 2020 NHL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick (if Toffoli re-signs with Vancouver) in the 2022 NHL Draft.

Feb 16, 2020
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Andy Greene from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman David Quenneville and a second-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Blake Coleman from the New Jersey Devils for left wing Nolan Foote and a conditional first-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; a first-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft if the Canucks do not make the playoffs in 2019-20; 20th overall, Devils selected Shakir Mukhamadullin) in the 2020 NHL Draft.

Feb 15, 2020
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Nicolas Deslauriers to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 14, 2020
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Jeremy Lauzon to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 12, 2020
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Pierre Engvall to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 11, 2020
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Joakim Nygard to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 10, 2020
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Hunter Miska to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired left wing Jason Zucker from the Minnesota Wild for left wing Alex Galchenyuk, defenseman Calen Addison and a conditional first-round pick (if Pittsburgh misses the 2019-20 playoffs, the Penguins have the option to send their first-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft instead) in the 2020 NHL Draft.

Feb 9, 2020
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Darnell Nurse to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 7, 2020
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Dean Kukan to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 6, 2020
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired goaltender Jack Campbell and left wing Kyle Clifford from the Los Angeles Kings for left wing Trevor Moore, a third-round pick (previously acquired from Columbus via Ottawa; 83rd overall, Kings selected Alex Laferriere) in the 2020 NHL Draft and a conditional third-round pick (a second-round pick if either Kyle Clifford re-signs with Toronto or if the Toronto make the 2019-20 playoffs and Jack Campbell wins 6 regular season games) in the 2021 NHL Draft.

Feb 3, 2020
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed defenseman Nick Seeler off waivers from the Minnesota Wild.

Feb 2, 2020
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Nathan Gerbe to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 30, 2020
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Ville Husso and defenseman Niko Mikkola to two-year contract extensions.

Jan 29, 2020
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Zack Kassian to a four-year contract extension.

Jan 28, 2020
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Marcus Pettersson to a five-year contract extension.

Jan 27, 2020
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Eric Robinson to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 25, 2020
Pittsburgh Penguins: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with right wing Andreas Martinsen.

Jan 23, 2020
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Matt Tomkins to a two-year contract.

Jan 17, 2020
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Oula Palve from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman John Nyberg.

Jan 15, 2020
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Caleb Jones to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 14, 2020
Washington Capitals: Signed center Nicklas Backstrom to a five-year contract extension.

Jan 10, 2020
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Martin Marincin to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 8, 2020
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Rasmus Andersson to a six-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Justin Williams to a one-year contract.

Jan 7, 2020
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Michael McCarron from the Montreal Canadiens for center Laurent Dauphin.

Jan 6, 2020
Chicago Blackhawks: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Philip Holm.

Jan 3, 2020
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Ilya Kovalchuk to a one-year contract.

Jan 2, 2020
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired right wing Michael Frolik from the Calgary Flames for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose via Montreal; 96th overall, Flames selected Daniil Chechelev) in the 2020 NHL Draft,
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Marco Scandella from the Buffalo Sabres for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose, later traded to Calgary) in the 2020 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Mike Reilly from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Andrew Sturtz and a fifth-round pick in the 2021 NHL Draft.
