Dec 31, 2002
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired goaltender Patrick DesRochers from the Phoenix Coyotes for goaltender Jean-Marc Pelletier and a conditional pick in the 200. NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced defenseman Boris Mironov has returned to the team following his walkout.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Bob Wren from the Toronto Maple Leafs for left wing Nathan Perrott.

Dec 28, 2002
Calgary Flames: Named Darryl Sutter coach.
Edmonton Oilers: Released center Jiri Dopita.
St. Louis Blues: Waived goaltender Tom Barrasso; agreed to a mutual release with Barrasso.

Dec 26, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Fired coach Curt Fraser and assistant Tim Bothwell; named Don Waddell interim coach.

Dec 19, 2002
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Bryce Lampman.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing Paul Ranheim from the Philadelphia Flyers for a conditional pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 18, 2002
Colorado Avalanche: Fired coach Bob Hartley; promoted Tony Granato to coach.

Dec 17, 2002
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Cory Cross.

Dec 16, 2002
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Josef Boumedienne from Ottawa for defenseman Dean Melanson.

Dec 13, 2002
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Jason Bonsignore.

Dec 12, 2002
New York Rangers: Acquired goaltender Mike Dunham from the Nashville Predators for left wing Rem Murray and defensemen Tomas Kloucek and Marek Zidlicky; acquired left wing Josh Green from the Edmonton Oilers for a conditional pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 11, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed center Mike Eastwood off waivers from the St. Louis Blues; signed defenseman Burke Henry.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed center Harold Druken off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.

Dec 6, 2002
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Dan McGillis from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Marcus Ragnarsson; named Tim Hunter assistant coach.

Dec 5, 2002
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Dale Clarke from the St. Louis Blues for future considerations.
San Jose Sharks: Named Rob Zettler assistant coach.

Dec 4, 2002
San Jose Sharks: Named Ron Wilson coach.

Dec 3, 2002
Calgary Flames: Fired coach Greg Gilbert and assistant coach Brad McCrimmon; named Al MacNeil interim coach.
New Jersey Devils: Suspended center Mike Danton.

Dec 2, 2002
Boston Bruins: Signed center Joe Thornton to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Tomi Kallio and defenseman Pauli Levokari from the Atlanta Thrashers for right wing Chris Nielsen and defenseman Petteri Nummelin.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Reid Simpson.

Dec 1, 2002
San Jose Sharks: Fired head coach Darryl Sutter and assistant coaches Rich Preston and Lorne Molleken; announced that pro scout Cap Raeder and director of player development Doug Wilson will assume coaching duties.

Nov 27, 2002
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Billy Thompson to a multi-year contract.

Nov 26, 2002
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Jaroslav Bednar and defenseman Andreas Lilja from the Los Angeles Kings for defenseman Dmitry Yushkevich and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 152nd overall, Kings selected Brady Murray) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Jeremy Stevenson.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced that president Jim Lites has resigned to take the same position with the Dallas Stars.

Nov 21, 2002
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the sale of the team to an investment group headed by Mark Hamister and Todd Berman.

Nov 20, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed goaltender Byron Dafoe, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
Carolina Hurricanes: Named vice president of marketing communications Ken Lehner as alternate governor for the team.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Filip Kuba to a multi-year contract extension.

Nov 16, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced that left wing Bob Probert will not play this season and has joined the radio broadcast team.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Jason Woolley from the Buffalo Sabres for future considerations.
Ottawa Senators: Waived right wing Dennis Bonvie.

Nov 15, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired center Marc Savard from the Calgary Flames for left wing Ruslan Zainullin.

Nov 14, 2002
Tampa Bay Lightning: Exercised contract options for coach John Tortorella, associate coach Craig Ramsey, assistant Jeff Reese, strength and conditioning coach Eric Lawson and video coach Nigel Kirwan for the 2003-04 season.

Nov 13, 2002
Buffalo Sabres: Waived defenseman Jason Woolley.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Brad Stuart.

Nov 9, 2002
Edmonton Oilers: Waived center Jiri Dopita.

Nov 8, 2002
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Karel Rachunek to a two-year contract.

Nov 7, 2002
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Frank Banham to a multi-year contract.

Nov 5, 2002
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced the retirement of right wing Kevin Dineen.

Nov 4, 2002
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Tom Barrasso.

Nov 3, 2002
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Mats Lindgren.

Nov 2, 2002
Minnesota Wild: Claimed defenseman Andrei Zyuzin off waivers from New Jersey Devils.

Nov 1, 2002
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Jan Hlavac and center Harold Druken from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Marek Malik and left wing Darren Langdon.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Andrei Nikolishin and left wing Chris Simon from the Washington Capitals for center Michael Nylander, a third-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, and a conditional third-round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 31, 2002
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Sylvain Blouin from the Minnesota Wild for a seventh-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 26, 2002
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Deron Quint to a one-year contract.

Oct 25, 2002
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed defenseman Francis Bouillon off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Oct 24, 2002
Washington Capitals: Claimed defenseman Alex Henry off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.

Oct 22, 2002
Los Angeles Kings: Signed general manager Dave Taylor to a three-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed goaltender Evgeni Nabokov.

Oct 21, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Matt Keith and left wing Travis Moen.

Oct 16, 2002
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Trevor Daley to a three-year contract.

Oct 11, 2002
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Juraj Kolnik and a ninth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for defenseman Sven Butenschon.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Jason King.

Oct 10, 2002
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Gordie Dwyer from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Boyd Kane.

Oct 9, 2002
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Sean Curry to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Garry Valk, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Oct 8, 2002
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Vaclav Varada.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Mike Smith to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Brad Norton to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center-left wing Dainius Zubrus to a two-year contract.

Oct 7, 2002
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Rick Nash, their first-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Jay Bouwmeester, their first-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Scottie Upshall, their first-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Signed center Garth Murray.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Carlo Colaiacovo, their first-round pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Mike Grier from the Edmonton Oilers for second- and third-round draft picks in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; signed defenseman Steve Eminger, their first-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft; to a three-year contract

Oct 5, 2002
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed right wing Hannes Hyvonen off waivers from the Florida Panthers.
Detroit Red Wings: Released right wing Doug Brown.

Oct 4, 2002
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the resignation of president and chief operating officer Jim Cain; named general manager Jim Rutherford president; named Jason Karmanos vice president of operations and assistant general manager.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Stephane Robidas from the Atlanta Thrashers for future considerations.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Mathieu Biron from the Columbus Blue Jackets for right wing Petr Tenkrat.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Alexandre Daigle.

Oct 3, 2002
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Todd Warriner.

Oct 1, 2002
Calgary Flames: Acquired centers Chris Drury and Stephane Yelle from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Derek Morris and centers Jeff Shantz and Dean McAmmond.
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Jani Hurme from the Ottawa Senators for goaltender Billy Thompson and center Greg Watson.

Sep 27, 2002
Calgary Flames: Signed forward Darren Lynch.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Pierre-Marc Bouchard.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Sean Burke to a multi-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Matt Hussey; announced Kevin Stevens will join club's broadcast team for the 2002-03 season.

Sep 26, 2002
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Brenden Morrow to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Craig Rivet to a four-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Released forward Alexander Selivanov.

Sep 25, 2002
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Ales Hemsky to a three-year contract.

Sep 24, 2002
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Paul Coffey special teams consultant.
Vancouver Canucks: Released defenseman Zarley Zalapski.

Sep 23, 2002
Florida Panthers: Released center Dan Riva.
Philadelphia Flyers: Released center Martin St. Pierre.

Sep 22, 2002
Boston Bruins: Released right wings Sam Ftorek and Brendan Yarema and defenseman Rich Spiller.

Sep 21, 2002
Edmonton Oilers: Released left wing Shawn Legault.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Peter Schaefer from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Sami Salo.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Released defenseman Rudy Poeschek.

Sep 19, 2002 
Minnesota Wild: Named Bob Mason goaltending consultant and Ernie Vargas amateur scout.

Sep 18, 2002
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Jiri Novotny to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Richard Zednik to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Released forward Kent Davyduke.

Sep 17, 2002
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Patrick Aufiero; released forward Jamie Herrington.

Sep 14, 2002
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Mattias Norstrom to a multi-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Scott Gomez to a multi-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Mike Fisher and right wing Chris Neil to multi-year contracts.

Sep 13, 2002
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman David Tanabe to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Darren McCarty to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed a 10-year contract with Office Depot for naming rights to home arena.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Scott Hannan.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Jason Doig, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Owen Fussey to a three-year contract.

Sep 12, 2002
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Eric Brewer to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Steve Webb.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Radek Dvorak.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Keith Tkachuk to a five-year contract.

Sep 11, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed goaltender Milan Hnilicka.
Calgary Flames: Acquired forward Ladislav Kohn from the Detroit Red Wings for future considerations.
Florida Panthers: Announced that goaltender Damian Rhodes has agreed to a tryout offer.
New York Rangers: Signed center Mark Messier; named Gordie Clark to the scouting staff.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed left wing Simon Gagne to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Ladislav Nagy to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Michal Rozsival.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Darren Rumble to a one-year contract.

Sep 10, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Yuri Butsayev.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Eric Fichaud to a one-year contract with a club option.
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Gary Suter.

Sep 9, 2002
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Peter Hamerlik to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Craig Berube; signed defenseman Jan Vodrazka.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Martin Skoula to a three-year contract; re-signed left wing Alex Tanguay to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Mike York to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Tom Kostopoulos and defenseman Josef Melichar.

Sep 6, 2002
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Jarome Iginla.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Andreas Johansson, who had been with the New York Rangers.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Paul Mara to a multi-year contract.

Sep 5, 2002
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Jan Lasak; re-signed defenseman Peter Smrek.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wings Tavis Hansen and Scott Thomas, defenseman John Jakopin and center Jeff Nelson.

Sep 4, 2002
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Maxim Afinogenov to a multi-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Promoted Tom Lynn to assistant general manager-hockey operations and Tom Thompson to assistant general manager-player personnel.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed centers Ryan Kraft and Mark Smith; signed right wing Willie Levesque and defenseman Jim Fahey.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Tomas Mojzis from the Toronto Maple Leafs for right wing Brad Leeb; signed left wing Steve Kariya.

Sep 3, 2002
Dallas Stars: Signed center Gavin Morgan to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Jiri Fischer to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Colby Armstrong; re-signed goaltender Robbie Tallas.

Aug 30, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Louie DeBrusk.
Dallas Stars: Named Craig Ludwig community liaison/alumni director.

Aug 29, 2002
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Matt Ellis and right wing Darryl Botland.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Steve Gainey to a one-year contract.

Aug 28, 2002
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Derrick Walser to a one-year contract with an option; re-signed center Blake Bellefeuille to a one-year contract.

Aug 27, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed defenseman Daniel Tjarnqvist and center Dan Snyder.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Stacy Roest, who had been with the Minnesota Wild.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Chris McAlpine, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks.

Aug 26, 2002
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Ryan Miller.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Ken Sutton and forward Dave Roche.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Brian Pothier to a multi-year contract; signed right wing Dennis Bonvie to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Trevor Kidd.
Washington Capitals: Named Tim Hunter to player development staff.

Aug 21, 2002
Calgary Flames: Signed center Matthew Lombardi.
Florida Panthers: Named Clint Malarchuk goaltending coach.
New Jersey Devils: Named Gates Orlando assistant coach at Albany of the AHL.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Jody Hull to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Announced secondary affiliation agreements with the Richmond and Cincinnati of the ECHL.

Aug 20, 2002
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wings Matt Davidson and David Ling to one-year contracts.

Aug 19, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed defenseman Francis Lessard.

Aug 16, 2002
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Niklas Sundstrom.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Ivan Novoseltsev to a one-year contract; signed coach Mike Keenan to a two-year contract extension with two one-year club options.

Aug 15, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Theo Fleury, who had been with the San Jose Sharks. 
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Andrew Cassels, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Brad Ference to a multi-year contract; re-signed right wing Joey Tetarenko to a one-year contract; named Ryan Nadeau media relations manager.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Jaroslav Bednar to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Ruslan Fedotenko to a two-year contract; signed left wing Gordie Dwyer to a one-year contract.

Aug 14, 2002
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Corey Hirsch, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Roman Lyashenko and defenseman Tom Poti.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Bill Barber director of player personnel.

Aug 13, 2002
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Bryan Berard, who had been with the New York Rangers.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Sami Kapanen to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Anton Babchuk, their first-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Ulf Dahlen, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Brandon Snee.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Vaclav Prospal to a one-year contract.

Aug 12, 2002
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Jason Botterill and center Francois Methot.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Danny Grouix.
New York Rangers: Re-signed goaltender Johan Holmqvist.

Aug 11, 2002
Washington Capitals: Announced the retirement of left wing Benoit Hogue.

Aug 9, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed center Mark Hartigan.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Steve Begin.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Marcus Ragnarsson.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Aris Brimanis, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks. 

Aug 8, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed defenseman Yannick Tremblay.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed goaltender Martin Biron to a two-year contract; signed right wing Jason Pominville and defenseman Radoslav Hecl.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Aaron Ward to a four-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Kyle Calder.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Chris Phillips to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman John Slaney and goaltender Neil Little to multi-year contracts.

Aug 7, 2002
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Rory Fitzpatrick; signed free agent defenseman Peter Ratchuk, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
New York Islanders: Signed center Shawn Bates to a two-year contract extension through the 2004-05 season.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Joel Bouchard, who had been with the New Jersey Devils.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Radek Bonk to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Aleksey Morozov.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Mike Jones to a one-year contract.

Aug 6, 2002
Boston Bruins: Signed center Chris Paradise to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defensemen Patrick Boileau and Ed Campbell, goaltender Marc Lamothe, and center Mark Mowers.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Mark Parrish to a two-year contract; signed center Jeff Hamilton and defenseman Brandon Smith.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Dan Boyle to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Daniel Briere to a two-year contract.

Aug 5, 2002
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Bryan Adams, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Dieter Kochan.

Aug 3, 2002
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Matt Murley.

Aug 2, 2002
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Niclas Wallin to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Boris Mironov to a one-year qualifying offer.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced left wing Josh Green has accepted a one-year qualifying offer; re-signed center Jason Chimera to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Anson Carter.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Stephane Matteau, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Sheldon Souray to a two-year contract, defenseman Francis Bouillon to a one-year contract and goaltender Mathieu Garon to a one-year contract.

Aug 1, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Vyacheslav Kozlov, right wing Tomi Kallio and center Ben Simon; signed center Chris Herperger.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Dan Hinote, left wing Brad Larsen and defenseman Bryan Muir.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Igor Larionov.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed goalie Jamie Storr, left wing Mikko Eloranta and center Steve Kelly on one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Brad Brown. 
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed coach Michel Therrien to a two-year contract; re-signed assistant coaches Roland Melanson, Rick Green and Clement Jodoin to two-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Vladimir Orszagh to a contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Peter Schastlivy and center Steve Martins to multi-year contracts; signed defenseman Josef Boumedienne and right wing Brad Smyth to one-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced right wing Shean Donovan has accepted his qualifying offer for the 2002-03 season; signed right wing Randy Robitaille and left wing Dan LaCouture.
St. Louis Blues: Named Ted Hampson director of player evaluation and Jarmo Kekalainen director of amateur scouting.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Andre Roy and defenseman Ben Clymer.

Jul 31, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed left wing Paul Kariya to a one-year contract; re-signed defensemen Pavel Trnka and Ruslan Salei and centers Andy McDonald and Matt Cullen.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defensemen Brian Campbell and Rhett Warrener and center Chris Gratton.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Serge Payer to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Tyrone Garner to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Ladislav Benysek, left wing Matt Johnson and center Richard Park to one-year contracts; signed center Cory Larose.
Ottawa Senators: Named Anders Hedberg director of player personnel; re-signed defenseman Sami Salo and right wings Josh Langfeld and Jeff Ulmer to one-year contracts; signed forward Brad Smyth.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced that defenseman Andrew Ference accepted a qualifying offer for the 2002-03 season.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Landon Wilson to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed left wing Cory Stillman, center Daniel Tkaczuk, right wing Marc Brown, defenseman Dale Clarke and goaltender Cody Rudkowsky; announced the retirement of center Ray Ferraro.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed forward Nathan Barrett.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed centers Glen Metropolit and Colin Forbes to one-year contracts.

Jul 30, 2002
Dallas Stars: Signed right wings David Oliver and Jon Sim to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Mike Grier and defenseman Alex Henry to one-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed restricted free agent center Viktor Kozlov.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Mike Pudlick to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed restricted free-agent center Greg Classen.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Richard Lintner.
Pittsburgh Pirates: Re-signed forward Ville Nieminen and defensemen Rick Berry and Jamie Pushor. 
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Chris Dingman.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Jean-Francois Fortin.

Jul 29, 2002 
Boston Bruins: Re-signed left wing P.J. Axelsson to a one-year contract; signed free agent left wing Darren Van Oene to a one-year contract with a club option.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Geoff Sanderson to a one-year contract; re-signed center Espen Knutsen and defenseman Jean-Luc Grand-Pierre to multi-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Aki Berg to a multi-year contract.

Jul 27, 2002 
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Jonathan Girard to a one-year contract.

Jul 26, 2002
Buffalo Sabres: Named Scott Arniel assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Eric Belanger to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Chad Kilger to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed restricted free agent right wing Shane Willis to a one-year contract.

Jul 25, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Patrik Stefan.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman James Patrick to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Dmitri Tolkunov.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed forward Michael Cammalleri to a multi-year contract.

Jul 24, 2002
Dallas Stars: Signed center Jim Montgomery and defenseman Jeff MacMillan to one-year contracts; re-signed center Jason Arnott.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wings Michel Picard and Derek King.
Florida Panthers: Signed restricted free agent defenseman Dmitry Yushkevich to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired forward Erik Rasmussen from the Buffalo Sabres for forward Adam Mair and a fifth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Mike Komisarek to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed free agent center Denis Pederson, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes; signed free agent center Domenic Pittis, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers; re-signed center David Legwand and forward Bryan Lundbohm.
Ottawa Senators: Signed free agent center Shaun Van Allen, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Daniel Corso and right wing Jamal Mayers.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed free agent center Aaron Gavey, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a multi-year contract; re-signed defenseman Marc Moro to a multi-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Chris Simon to a one-year contract. 

Jul 23, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed goaltender Michael Garnett and defenseman Paul Flache.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed free agent center Brett McLean, who had been with the Minnesota Wild.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Adrian Aucoin to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed free agent right wing Jason Dawe, who had been with the New York Rangers.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wings Ivan Ciernik and Mark Murphy and right wing Trent Whitfield; signed free agent defenseman Chris Hajt, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers.

Jul 22, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Chris O'Sullivan; re-signed center Samuel Pahlsson.
Calgary Flames: Named Rollie Cyr vice president of sales.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed free agent right wing Steve Brule, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Pavel Kubina to a multi-year contract.

Jul 20, 2002
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Adam Mair to a one-year contract.

Jul 19, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed unrestricted free agent defenseman Uwe Krupp, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed right wing Chris Clark and defensemen Toni Lydman, Robyn Regehr and Denis Gauthier.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Olli Jokinen; signed defenseman Ivan Majesky and free agent right wing Jim Campbell, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed right wings Andreas Dackell and Jason Ward and center Mike Ribeiro.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Dale Purinton.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defensemen Alex Khavanov and Christian Laflamme.

Jul 18, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Pascal Rheaume, right wing Brad Tapper and defenseman Mike Weaver.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Kevin Dallman to a three-year contract; signed free agent defenseman Rich Brennan, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, and center Matt Herr, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Martin Wilde and free agent center Bill Bowler, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Cale Hulse.
New York Islanders: Signed free agent defenseman Alan Letang, who had been with the Calgary Flames; signed left wing Martin Chabada to a multi-year contract; signed center Eric Manlow.
New York Rangers: Signed free agent defenseman Vladimir Chebaturkin, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed unrestricted free agent defenseman Marc Bergevin, who had been with the St. Louis Blues.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired the rights to defenseman Robert Svehla from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Dmitry Yushkevich.

Jul 17, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Todd Reirden and center Jason Krog to two-year contracts. 
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Glen Murray to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Robert Dome.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Gord Murphy assistant coach; signed center Don MacLean to a one-year contract. 
Detroit Red Wings: Promoted Dave Lewis to coach; announced Barry Smith will remain as associate coach; named Joey Kocur assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Named John Van Boxmeer assistant coach.
Nasville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Andy Delmore.
Phoenix Coyotes Re-signed defenseman Todd Simpson to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Announced left wing Keith Tkachuk has accepted a qualifying offer for the 2002-03 season.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed unrestricted free agent center Tom Fitzgerald, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract.

Jul 16, 2002
Boston Bruins: Signed unrestricted free agent left wing Michel Grosek, who had been with the New York Rangers; re-signed goaltender John Grahame and defensemen Nick Boynton and Sean Brown.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Jamie Wright.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Ryan Bast.
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced an affiliation agreement with the Roanoke Express of the ECHL; named Marshall Johnston director of player evaluation.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Dmitri Bykov to a one-year contract; announced the retirement of athletic trainer John Wharton; promoted assistant Piet Van Zant to athletic trainer.
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Hannes Hyvonen from the San Jose Sharks for future considerations; signed free agent center Andy Lundbohm.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Derek Armstrong from the New York Rangers for a conditional pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed forward Pavel Rosa to a two-year contract and forward Brad Chartrand to a one-year contract with a club option; re-signed defenseman Richard Seeley.
Nashville Predators: Signed unrestricted free agent defenseman Pascal Trepanier, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche.
New Jersey Devils: Named Dennis Gendron coach of Albany of the AHL.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Francois Leroux.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed centers Steve Dubinsky and Eric Nickulas and defenseman Steve Bancroft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed free agent left wing Fredrik Modin to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Alyn McCauley and defenseman Wade Belak.

Jul 15, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed left wing Stanislav Chistov, their 2001 first-round draft pick, to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Martin Gerber to a one-year contract with a club option for 2003-04; signed center Tony Martensson and defenseman Jan Tabacek to two-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed unrestricted free agent defenseman Jason Strudwick, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Rickard Wallin.
Nashville Predators: Signed centers Greg Koehler and Wyatt Smith and right wing Cameron Mann.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Ken Gernander.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed restricted free agent right wing Daniel Alfredsson to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Konstantin Koltsov and left wing Vladimir Vujtek.
Washington Capitals: Named Randy Carlyle and Glen Hanlon assistant coaches.

Jul 12, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed free agent defenseman Fredrik Olausson to a one-year contract with a club option for the 2003-04 season.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed restricted free agent goaltender Mika Noronen to a multi-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed free agent defenseman Nathan Dempsey, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
New Jersey Devils: Signed free agent defensemen Raymond Giroux, who had been with the New York Islanders; signed free agent defenseman Mike Matteucci, who had been with the Minnesota Wild; signed free agent center Craig Darby, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens; signed defensemen Alex Brooks, Anton Kadeykin and Krisjanis Redlihs, forward Chris Hartsburg and goaltender Matus Kostur.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed free agent left wings Donald Brashear to a four-year contract and Todd Fedoruk on a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed free agent right wing Tony Amonte, who had been with the Chicago Blachawks, to a four-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed free agent left wing Steve McKenna, who had been with the New York Rangers.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Christian Backman.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed free agent right wing Tie Domi.

Jul 11, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Pauli Levokari.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Mike Martin and center Jason Morgan.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed free agent defenseman Mathieu Dandenault to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed free agent left wing Brent Gilchrist, who had been with the Dallas Stars; signed free agent center Clarke Wilm, who had been with the Calgary Flames.
New Jersey Devils: Named Bob Carpenter assistant coach.
New York Rangers: Signed defensemen Jeff State and Craig Weller.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed free agent defenseman Nolan Baumgartner, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks.

Jul 10, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed free agent defenseman Richard Smehlik.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Mike Knuble to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Sergei Berezin.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed coach Bob Francis to a four-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed free agent defenseman David Cloutier; re-signed goaltending coach Warren Strelow.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Jeff Finley; signed defenseman Tom Koivisto.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed free agent defenseman Jaroslav Osbut. 

Jul 9, 2002
Calgary Flames: Signed free agent left wings Martin Sonnenberg and Darcy Verot, who had both been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Daniel Boisclair to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named Paul Vincent skating and skills instructor and scout; signed free agent defenseman Sven Butenschon, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers; signed free agent left wing Jeff Toms, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Cristobal Huet to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed free agent right wing Tony Tuzzolino, who had been with the Boston Bruins; signed left wing Jeyn-Guy Trudel, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Nils Ekman.
Washington Capitals: Signed free agent center Kip Miller, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a two-year contract; signed free agent defenseman Dwayne Zinger, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract with a one-year club option.

Jul 8, 2002
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Shaone Morrisonn to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Jamie Allison to to a one-year contract and signed left wing Mike Pandolfo to a multi-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Joe Corvo to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Mike Crowley.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Patrik Elias; signed goaltender Corey Schwab, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
New York Rangers: Signed free agent left wing Ted Donato, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings.

Jul 7, 2002
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Dan Hamhuis.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed free agent right wing Kelly Buchberger, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.

Jul 6, 2002 
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired right wings Petr Sykora and Igor Pohanka, defenseman Mike Commodore and goaltender Jean-Francois Damphousse from the New Jersey Devils for left wing Jeff Friesen, defenseman Oleg Tverdovsky and right wing Maxim Balmochnykh.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Jay Pandolfo.

Jul 5, 2002
Dallas Stars: Signed free agent right wing Scott Young, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed unrestricted free agent right wing Teemu Selanne.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed unrestricted free agent goaltender Tyler Moss, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes.

Jul 4, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Named Charles Harris director of publicity and community development.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defensemen Scott Lachance, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, and Luke Richardson, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to multi-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed free agent right wing Randy McKay, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract; re-signed center Benoit Gratton to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Matt O'Dette to a one-year contract with an option for 2003-04.
New York Rangers: Re-signed free agent goaltender Mike Richter.

Jul 3, 2002
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Rob Ray to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed unrestricted free agent right wing Bill Guerin, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a five-year contract; re-signed defensemen Sami Helenius and Alexei Komarov to one-year contracts; signed free agent right wing Aaron Downey, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract with a club option for 2003-04.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Chris Chelios to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed free agent right wing Bill Muckalt, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Trevor Timmins director of player personnel.
New York Islanders: Acquired center Jason Wiemer from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Branislav Mezei; signed right wing Mattias Weinhandl to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Petr Cajanek. 

Jul 2, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Vitaly Vishnevski to a one-year contract; named Charles Harris director of publicity and community development.
Calgary Flames: Signed free agent left wing Martin Gelinas, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed goaltender Steve Passmore.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Tim Jackman, their second-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Signed free agent defenseman Philippe Boucher, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a four-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed free agent goaltender Curtis Joseph to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed free agent defenseman Darius Kasparaitis, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed free agent center Ian MacNeil.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed vice president of scouting and player personnel Dave Draper to a four-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed free agent goaltender Ed Belfour to a multi-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jaroslav Obsut, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche; re-signed center Brendan Morrison.

Jul 1, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed free agent center Adam Oates, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract with a club option for 2003-04.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jason Holland to a two-year contract; exercised the option on the contract of left wing Derek Bekar.
New York Rangers: Signed free agent center Bobby Holik, who had been with the New Jersey Devils. to a five-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Patrick Marleau, left wing Marco Sturm and defenseman Shawn Heins.
Washington Capitals: Signed free agent center Robert Lang, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a five-year contract.

Jun 30, 2002
Calgary Flames: Acquired the rights to goaltender Curtis Joseph from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a conditional eighth-round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Bret Hedican to a six-year contract; re-signed center Ron Francis.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Sergei Berezin from the Montreal Canadiens for a fourth-round pick (100th overall, Canadiens selected J.T. Wyman) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Exercised their options on the contracts of left wing Vladimir Orszagh, right wing Vitali Yachmenev and defenseman Kimmo Timonen for the 2002-03 season; exercised the options on the contract of goaltender Mike Dunham for the 2004-05 season; signed defenseman Robert Schnabel to a contract extension; acquired the rights to right wing Tie Domi from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a eighth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. 

Jun 29, 2002
Dallas Stars: Acquired left wing David Gosselin and a fifth-round pick (144th overall, Stars selected Eero Kilpelainen) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for right wing Cameron Mann and the rights to goaltender Ed Belfour.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Brian Pothier from the Atlanta Thrashers for left wing Shawn McEachern and a sixth-round pick (186th overall, Thrashers selected Dan Turple) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 28, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Phil Housley.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced that defenseman Steve Duchesne did not exercise his player option for the 2002-03 season.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jason Holland to a two-year contract; exercised the club option on left wing Derek Bekar.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Mike McCoy vice president of luxury suite sales; signed right wing Fredrik Sjostrom, their first-round pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.

Jun 27, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Jeff Cowan and defenseman Andy Sutton.
Buffalo Sabres: Exercised the options on the contracts of center Curtis Brown and defenseman Jay McKee.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Bob Probert and goaltending coach Vladislav Tretiak.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed goaltender Marc Denis to a multi-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Manny Malhotra to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Exercised the option on the contract of goaltender Felix Potvin.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Travis Roche to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Guy Charron assistant coach.
St. Louis Blues: Exercised the options on the contracts of goaltender Brent Johnson, right wing Reed Low and centers Mike Eastwood and Eric Boguniecki for the 2002-03 season.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Mike Palmateer amateur scout.
Vancouver Canucks: Exercised the options on the contracts of goaltender Peter Skudra, defenseman Zenith Komarniski and center Trevor Letowski.

Jun 26, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Exercised one-year options on the contracts of center Marc Chouinard and left wing Kevin Sawyer.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Jeff O'Neill to a two-year contract; resigned center Kevyn Adams.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed right wing Steve Thomas.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Grant Marshall to a multi-year contract; signed center Lasse Pirjeta to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Sylvain Blouin to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Brendan Buckley.

Jun 25, 2002
Boston Bruins: Acquired goaltender Steve Shields from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for a third-round pick (86th overall, Mighty Ducks selected Shane Hynes) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; signed Shields to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of goaltender Dominik Hasek.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Jeff Woywitka to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Aubin.
St. Louis Blues: Named Don Lever assistant coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Exercised their option on the contract of left wing Dave Andreychuk for the 2002-03 season.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Ryan Bonni from the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations.
Washington Capitals: Named Bruce Cassidy head coach.

Jun 23, 2002
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Josef Boumedienne from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick (213th overall, Lightning selected Fredrik Norrena) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. 
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Krzysztof Oliwa from the Pittsburgh Penguins for future considerations; acquired a sixth-round pick (194th overall, Rangers selected Kim Hirschovits) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for right wing Theoren Fleury and a sixth-round pick (later traded back to the New York Rangers; 179th overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired sixth- (previously acquired from Vancouver; 184th overall, Blue Jackets selected Jaroslav Balastik) and seventh-round (225th overall, Blue Jackets selected Steven Goertzen) picks in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fifth-round pick (140th overall, Flyers selected David Tremblay) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired right wing Jeff Farkas from the Toronto Maple Leafs for center Josh Holden.

Jun 22, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired left wing Vyacheslav Kozlov and a second-round pick (later traded to Columbus; 41st overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for second- (later traded to Edmonton; 31st overall) and third-round (previously acquired from Vancouver via Florida; 82nd overall, Sabres selected John Adams) picks in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit via Buffalo; 30th overall, Thrashers selected Jim Slater) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for second- (previously acquired from Buffalo; 41st overall, Blue Jackets selected Joakim Lindstrom) and third-round picks (previously acquired from Detroit; 96th overall, Blue Jackets selected Jeff Genovy) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado via Calgary, later traded to Edmonton; 36th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a third-round pick (previously acquired as compensation for the loss of Donald Audette, later traded to Toronto; 88th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (35th overall, Predators selected Konstantin Glazachev) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Jochen Hecht from the Edmonton Oilers for two second-round picks (one previously acquired from Atlanta, the other previously acquired from Colorado via Calgary and Nashville; 31st and 36th overall, Oilers selected Jeff Drouin-Deslauriers and Jarret Stoll) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Jamie McLennan from the Minnesota Wild for a ninth-round pick (269th overall, Wild selected Mika Hannula) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a first-round pick (1st overall, Blue Jackets selected Rick Nash) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for a first-round pick (3rd overall, Panthers selected Jay Bouwmeester) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Mike Pandolfo and a first-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit, later traded to Atlanta; 30th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for a first-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey via Dallas; 20th overall, Sabres selected Dan Paille) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Cliff Ronning from the Los Angeles Kings for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Minnesota via Dallas; 104th overall, Kings selected Aaron Rome) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Mariusz Czerkawski from the New York Islanders for center Arron Asham and a fifth-round pick (149th overall, Islanders selected Markus Pahlsson) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Mattias Timander from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fourth-round pick (119th overall, Blue Jackets selected Jakabs Redlihs) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Brad Lukowich and a seventh-round pick (227th overall, Lightning selected Jay Rosehill) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for a second-round pick (previously re-acquired from Tampa Bay via Ottawa and Philadelphia; 34th overall, Stars selected Tobias Stephan) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired a third-round pick (74th overall, Maple Leafs selected Todd Ford) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for third- and fifth-round picks (90th and 159th overall, Flames selected Matthew Lombardi and Kristoffer Persson) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo; 88th overall, Maple Leafs selected Dominic D'Amour) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a conditional third-round pick (not exercised?) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Petr Sykora from the Nashville Predators for a third-round pick (89th overall, Predators selected Paul Brown) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 21, 2002
Boston Bruins: Re-signed general manager Mike O'Connell to a five-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Saku Koivu to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Promoted Tom Renney to vice president of player development.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a first-round pick (4th overall, Flyers selected Joni Pitkanen) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Ruslan Fedotenko and two second-round picks (one previously acquired from Tampa Bay via Ottawa, later traded to Dallas, the other previously acquired from Phoenix, later traded to San Jose; 34th overall and 60th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 20, 2002
Florida Panthers: Named Grant Sonier administrative assistant and scout; named Duane Sutter director of player development.
Nashville Predators: Announced that their affiliation with Cincinnati of the ECHL will not be renewed.

Jun 19, 2002
San Jose Sharks: Signed coach Darryl Sutter and assistants Rich Preston and Lorne Mollekan to multi-year contracts.

Jun 18, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Alexei Smirnov, their first-round pick in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Martin Samuelsson to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed head coach Paul Maurice and assistant coaches Kevin McCarthy and Randy Ladouceur to multi-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Steve Poapst.
Colorado Avalanche Named Tony Granato assistant coach.
Dallas Stars: Acquired goaltender Ron Tugnutt and a second-round pick (32nd overall, Stars selected Janos Vas) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a first-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey, later traded to Buffalo; 20th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Jiri Dopita from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick (87th overall, Flyers selected Ryan Potulny) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations.

Jun 17, 2002
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Rob Niedermayer.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Paul Castrong director of player development.
Dallas Stars: Signed director of amateur scouting Tim Bernhardt to a three-year extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Alexander Svitov, their first-round pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.

Jun 16, 2002
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Marty McSorley head coach at Springfield of the AHL.

Jun 14, 2002
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Tim Smith.

Jun 13, 2002
New Jersey Devils: Fired head coach Kevin Constantine; named Pat Burns head coach.

Jun 12, 2002
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Kirk Muller to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Exercised the option for the 2002-03 season on the contract of right wing Nathan Perrott.
New York Rangers: Named Terry O'Reilly and Jim Schoenfeld assistant coaches.
Ottawa Senators: Named John Muckler general manager.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired goaltender Brian Boucher and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Nashville; 70th overall, Coyotes selected Joe Callahan) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Michal Handzus and goaltender Robert Esche.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a first-round pick (13th overall, Capitals selected Alexander Semin) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for first- (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 26th overall, Stars selected Martin Vagner) and second-round (42nd overall, Stars selected Marius Holtet) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (185th overall, Stars selected Francis Wathier) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 9, 2002
San Jose Sharks: Signed executive vice president and general manager Dean Lombardi to a new contract.

Jun 6, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defensemen Mark Popovic and Kurt Sauer to three-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Peter Metcalf to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Ben Knoop to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Exercised the option year on the contract of left wing Ryan Tobler.

Jun 5, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Reached an agreement to extend their affiliation with Norfolk of the AHL through the 2002-03 season.
Edmonton Oilers: Exercised the option on the contract of goaltender Jussi Markkanen.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Dan Focht to a multi-year contract.

Jun 3, 2002
Dallas Stars: Named Mark Lamb assistant coach.
Minnesota Wild: Signed forward Rastislav Pavlikovsky.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed forward Christian Larrivee to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Exercised the option on the contract of goaltender Sebastien Charpentier.

Jun 1, 2002
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed forwards Michel Ouellet and Steve Crampton.

May 31, 2002
Boston Bruins: Announced the contract of Providence Bruins coach Bill Armstrong will not be renewed.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Matt Henderson.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Filip Novak to an entry-level contract; signed center Byron Ritchie to a multi-year contract; named John Torchetti coach of the team's AHL affiliate in San Antonio.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Chris Dyment.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Jean-Francois Racine to a multi-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Nathan Smith.

May 29, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Picked up the option on the contract of right wing Mike Peluso.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Brian Eklund to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Kevin Hodson to a one-year contract with a club option for a second year.

May 28, 2002
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing David Vyborny to a one-year contract; re-signed center Sean Pronger to a multi-year contract; signed defenseman Scott Heffernan to a multi-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Mike Bishai and right wing Nate DiCasmirro.

May 27, 2002
Dallas Stars: Named Guy Carbonneau special assistant to the general manager.

May 24, 2002
Minnesota Wild: Acquired defenseman Chris Dyment from the Montreal Canadiens for a fifth-round pick (141st overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

May 23, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed goaltender Frederic Cassivi.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman/forward Michael Schutte to a multi-year contract.

May 22, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Johnathan Aitken.
Dallas Stars: Named Andy Moog assistant coach/goaltending coach.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Craig Hartsburg assistant coach.

May 21, 2002
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Patrick Sharp to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Exercised the 2002-03 contract option of defenseman Nolan Pratt; re-signed right wing Martin St. Louis.

May 17, 2002
Ottawa Senators: Signed president and chief executive officer Roy Mlakar to a five-year contract; signed coach Jacques Martin to a one-year contract extension through the 2003-04 season; announced the resignation of general manager Marshall Johnston, effective June 30.

May 16, 2002
Detroit Red Wings: Signed forward Henrik Zetterberg to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Named Dave Tippett coach and signed him to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of assistant coach Jimmy Roberts.

May 15, 2002
Nashville Predators: Acquired left wing Steve Parsons from the Pittsburgh Penguins for future considerations.

May 14, 2002
St. Louis Blues: Named Scott Bonanni and Richard Jankowski communication assistants. 

May 13, 2002
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Kris Vernarsky to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Ken Hitchcock coach.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Rick Jackman from the Boston Bruins for the rights to left wing Kris Vernarsky.

May 10, 2002
Florida Panthers: Fired interim general manager Chuck Fletcher; named Rick Dudley general manager.
Montreal Canadiens: Ended its affiliation agreement with Quebec of the AHL.
Washington Capitals: Fired coach Ron Wilson; extended their agreement with Portland of the AHL through the 2005-06 season.

May 8, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Igor Radulov, right wing Yorick Treille and defenseman Scott Balan.

May 7, 2002
Florida Panthers: Promoted Randy Sieminski to director of media relations; named Chris Reichart strength and conditioning coach.

May 1, 2002
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of defenseman Petr Svoboda.

Apr 30, 2002
Philadelphia Flyers: Fired coach Bill Barber.

Apr 29, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Ryan VandenBussche to a multi-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named Barry Trapp director of amateur scouting.

Apr 25, 2002 
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Jeff Taffe to a three-year contract.

Apr 23, 2002
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Pascal Leclaire to a multi-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Mark Wotton to a two-year contract through the 2003-04 season.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Kyle Kettles.

Apr 22, 2002
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Jody Shelley to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed forwards Jozef Balej and Tomas Plekanec to three-year contracts.

Apr 17, 2002
Nashville Predators: Extended the contracts of center Greg Johnson and defenseman Bill Houlder.

Apr 16, 2002
Florida Panthers: Signed center Stephen Weiss and defenseman Lukas Krajicek to three-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Extended their affiliation agreement with Milwaukee of the AHL.

Apr 15, 2002
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Marc Cavosie.
New York Rangers: Fired head coach Ron Low.

Apr 12, 2002 
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Tomas Malec to a three-year contract.

Apr 11, 2002
Washington Capitals: Signed center Graham Mink to a two-year contract.

Apr 8, 2002
Los Angeles Kings: Signed forward Yanick Lehoux to a three-year contract.

Apr 2, 2002
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Brad Boyes to multi-year contract.

Mar 29, 2002
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Andrei Nazarov to a three-year contract.

Mar 27, 2002:
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Mark Hartigan.

Mar 26, 2002
Nashville Predators: Signed forward Adam Hall and defenseman Andrew Hutchinson.

Mar 25, 2002
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Jay Harrison to a multi-year contract.

Mar 20, 2002
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed forwards Ryan Bayda and Craig McDonald.

Mar 19, 2002
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Jeff Norton from the Florida Panthers for a sixth-round pick (196th overall, Panthers selected Mikael Vuorio) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired center Bob Corkum from the Atlanta Thrashers for a fifth-round pick (144th overall, Thrashers selected Paul Flache) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Lyle Odelein from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Jaroslav Spacek and a second-round pick (46th overall, Blue Jackets selected Dan Fritsche) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Darius Kasparaitis from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Ville Nieminen and defenseman Rick Berry.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Jamie Allison from the Calgary Flames for right wing Blake Sloan.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Jiri Slegr from the Atlanta Thrashers for center Yuri Butsayev and a third-round pick (later traded to Columbus; 96th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Bobby Allen from the Boston Bruins for defenseman Sean Brown.
Los Angeles Kings: Claimed center Ted Donato off waivers from the St Louis Blues.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Greg Crozier from the Boston Bruins for left wing Darryl Laplante.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed left wing Bill Lindsay off waivers from the Florida Panthers; acquired goaltender Stephane Fiset from the Los Angeles Kings for future considerations.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Joe Nieuwendyk and right wing Jamie Langenbrunner from the Dallas Stars for center Jason Arnott, right wing Randy McKay and a first-round pick (later traded to Buffalo via Columbus; 20th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Stephane Richer from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a seventh-round pick (229th overall, Penguins selected Stephen Dixon) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Darren Van Impe from the Florida Panthers for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles; 152nd overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Dave Roche from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for right wings Ben Guite and Bjorn Melin.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Tom Poti and left wing Rem Murray from the Edmonton Oilers for center Mike York and a fourth-round pick (106th overall, Oilers selected Ivan Koltsov) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Richard Lintner from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Petr Smrek.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Adam Oates from the Washington Capitals for goaltender Maxime Ouellet and first- (later traded to Dallas; 26th overall), second- (59th overall, Capitals selected Maxime Daigneault) and third-round (92nd overall, Capitals selected Derek Krestanovich) picks in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing Darcy Hordichuk and fourth- and fifth-round picks (97th and 132nd overall, Coyotes selected Lance Monych and John Zeiler) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft for defenseman Kiril Safronov, forward Ruslan Zainullin and a fourth-round pick (116th overall, Thrashers selected Patrick Dwyer) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Claimed left wing Benoit Hogue off waivers from the Boston Bruins.

Mar 18, 2002
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Pavel Bure and a second-round pick (33rd overall, Rangers selected Lee Falardeau) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for defensemen Filip Novak and Igor Ulanov, first- (later traded to Calgary; 10th overall) and second-round picks (40th overall, Panthers selected Rob Globke) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Atlanta; 116th overall) in the the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Ray Ferraro from the Atlanta Thrashers for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina; 124th overall, Thrashers selected Lane Manson) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 17, 2002
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Jukka Hentunen from the Calgary Flames for future considerations.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired center Kent Manderville from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Billy Tibbetts.

Mar 16, 2002
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Cliff Ronning from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Jari Karalahti and a fourth-round pick (117th overall, Predators selected Teemu Lassila) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Benoit Brunet from the Dallas Stars for a sixth-round pick (196th overall, Stars selected Elias Granath) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed center Jeff Toms off waivers from the New York Rangers.

Mar 15, 2002
Karlsson to Chicago. Acquired defenseman Francis Lessard from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman David Harlock and third- (later traded to Phoenix; 77th overall) and seventh-round (later traded to San Jose; 205th overall) picks in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Juha Ylonen from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Andre Roy and a sixth-round pick (183th overall, Lightning selected Paul Ranger) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Brian Savage to a four-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Jamie Pushor from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fourth-round pick (103rd overall, Blue Jackets selected Kevin Jarman) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; claimed right wing Shean Donovan off waivers from the Atlanta Thrashers.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired goaltender Tom Barrasso from the Carolina Hurricanes for a fourth-round pick (126th overall, Hurricanes selected Kevin Nastiuk) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 13, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired right wing Tom Fitzgerald from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations.

Mar 12, 2002
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Martin Rucinsky and center Roman Lyashenko from the Dallas Stars for left wings Manny Malhotra and Barrett Heisten.

Mar 9, 2002
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Todd White to a three-year contract extension.

Mar 8, 2002
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Bert Robertsson from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenseman Mark Moore.

Mar 6, 2002
St. Louis Blues: Claimed center Ted Donato off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Mar 5, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Joe DiPenta from the Philadelphia Flyers for forward Jarrod Skalde.
Boston Bruins: Acquired right wing Marty McInnis from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for a third-round pick (later traded to Detroit via Nashville; 95th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired right wing Shane Willis and left wing Chris Dingman from the Carolina Hurricanes for goaltender Kevin Weekes.

Mar 1, 2002
Tampa Bay Lightning: Waived left wing Zdeno Ciger.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Marc Moro from the Nashville Predators for defensemen D.J. Smith and Marty Wilford.

Feb 26, 2002
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing John MacLean; waived left wing Benoit Brunet.

Feb 25, 2002
New Jersey Devils: Named Larry Robinson assistant coach for the remainder of the season.

Feb 13, 2002
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Jesse Boulerice from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Greg Koehler.
Dallas Stars: Claimed left wing Brent Gilchrist off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings; waived defenseman Dave Manson.

Feb 11, 2002
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired right wing Mike Keane from the St. Louis Blues for left wing Shjon Podein.

Feb 10, 2002
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced Rick Dudley has resigned as general manager and will remain as senior advisor to the president; promoted assistant general manager Jay Feaster to general manager.

Feb 6, 2002
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Steve Dubinsky from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.

Feb 5, 2002
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Darryl Sydor to a five-year contract extension.

Feb 1, 2002
Washington Capitals: Claimed center Trent Whitfield off waivers from the New York Rangers.

Jan 29, 2002
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Gord Murphy for the remainder of the season.
Nashville Predators: Claimed left wing Reid Simpson off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.

Jan 28, 2002
New Jersey Devils: Fired head coach Larry Robinson; named Kevin Constantine head coach.

Jan 25, 2002
Dallas Stars: Fired head coach Ken Hitchcock; named Rick Wilson interim head coach and Doug Armstrong general manager; announced that Bob Gainey will move into his role as consultant.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired left wing Sergei Berezin from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Brian Savage, a third-round pick (80th overall, Coyotes selected Matt Jones) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing Andrei Nazarov from the Boston Bruins for a fifth-round pick (153rd overall, Bruins selected Peter Hamerlik) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 24, 2002
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Brett Clark from the Atlanta Thrashers for goaltender Frederic Cassivi.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced a five-year affiliation agreement with Grand Rapids of the AHL.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Jody Hull to a one-year contract.

Jan 23, 2002
Minnesota Wild: Named Barry MacKenzie coordinator of player development.
Nashville Predators: Signed director of player personnel Paul Fenton to a contract extension.

Jan 22, 2002
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Hnat Domenichelli from the Atlanta Thrashers for defenseman Andy Sutton.

Jan 19, 2002
Washington Capitals: Claimed left wing Ivan Ciernik off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.

Jan 17, 2002
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Joe Reekie from the Washington Capitals for a fourth-round pick (118th overall, Capitals selected Cam Janssen) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 16, 2002
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Sandis Ozolinsh and center Byron Ritchie from the Carolina Hurricanes for defensemen Bret Hedican and Tomas Malec, and center Kevyn Adams.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Valeri Kamensky from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Andre Lakos and future considerations.
New York Islanders: Signed center Kip Miller for the remainder of the season.
New York Rangers: Claimed center Trent Whitfield off waivers from the Washington Capitals.

Jan 15, 2002
Atlanta Thrashers: Waived defenseman David Harlock.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Stu Barnes to a three-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed general manager and coach Pat Quinn to a three-year contract extension.

Jan 14, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired center Dave Roche from the New York Islanders for right wing Jim Cummins.

Jan 12, 2002
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Benoit Hogue from the Dallas Stars for future considerations.
Dallas Stars: Claimed left wing Scott Pellerin off waivers from the Boston Bruins.
Florida Panthers: Claimed right wing Pierre Dagenais off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.

Jan 10, 2002
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Yves Sarault from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Jason Beckett and center Petr Hubacek; signed goaltender Roman Cechmanek to a three-year contract extension.

Jan 9, 2002
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Ryan Flinn.

Jan 8, 2002
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Colin Forbes to a one-year contract.

Jan 7, 2002
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Dan Boyle from the Florida Panthers for a fifth-round pick (162nd overall, Panthers selected Martin Tuma) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 4, 2002
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Announced the resignation of chairman Tony Tavares.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Sebastien Bordeleau from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman David Cullen.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed center Randy Robitaille of waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Jan 3, 2002
Dallas Stars: Named Francois Giguere consultant.
