Dec 31, 2003
Nashville Predators: Claimed center Jason Morgan off waivers from the Calgary Flames.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired forward Jean-Luc Grand-Pierre from the Columbus Blue Jackets for future considerations.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed coach Marc Crawford to a three-year contract extension.

Dec 30, 2003
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired right wing Ivan Novoseltsev from the Florida Panthers for future considerations.

Dec 29, 2003
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Wade Brookbank from the Ottawa Senators for future considerations.

Dec 24, 2003
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Brandon Segal.

Dec 22, 2003
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Scott Pellerin.

Dec 20, 2003
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Mike Comrie to a one-year contract.

Dec 19, 2003
Ottawa Senators: Claimed defenseman Wade Brookbank off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.

Dec 17, 2003
Florida Panthers: Named Evelyn Lopez CFO.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Eric Chouinard from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fifth-round pick (144th overall, Flyers selected Chris Zarb) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Wade Brookbank from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.

Dec 16, 2003
Columbus Blue Jackets: Reached a buy-out agreement with center Espen Knutsen.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Mike Comrie from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Jeff Woywitka, a first-round pick (25th overall; Oilers selected Robbie Schremp) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (81st overall, Oilers selected Danny Syvret) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Named Jay Leach assistant coach.

Dec 15, 2003
Carolina Hurricanes: Fired head coach Paul Maurice, assistant coach Randy Ladoceur and goaltending consultant Don Edwards; named Peter Laviolette coach.

Dec 10, 2003
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Jamie Pushor to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Fired head coach Bruce Cassidy; named Glen Hanlon coach.

Dec 9, 2003
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Chris Dyment from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman Michael Schutte.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Garrett Stafford.

Dec 3, 2003
Detroit Red Wings: Waived goaltender Curtis Joseph.
Dallas Stars: Claimed right wing Blake Sloan off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.

Dec 2, 2003
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Kirill Safronov and left wing Simon Gamache from the Atlanta Thrashers for defenseman Tomas Kloucek and center Ben Simon.

Dec 1, 2003
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Blake Sloan to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Waived right wing Jaroslav Bednar.

Nov 30, 2003
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Martin Straka from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Martin Strbak and left wing Sergei Anshakov.

Nov 26, 2003
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Stan Neckar.

Nov 21, 2003
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed center Manny Malhotra off waivers from the Dallas Stars.

Nov 20, 2003
Edmonton Oilers: Announced a 10-year sponsorship and marketing agreement with the Katz Group that will rename their arena Rexall Place.

Nov 19, 2003
Buffalo Sabres: Waived left wing Jason Botterill.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Steve Staios to a three-year contract extension.

Nov 17, 2003
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the retirement of left wing Jeff Daniels.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Stephane Robidas and a second-round pick (54th overall, Blackhawks selected Jakub Sindel) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Jon Klemm and a fourth-round pick (xxx??? previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 104th overall, Stars selected Fredrik Naslund) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Adam Oates, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, to a one-year contract.

Nov 16, 2003
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff from the San Jose Sharks for a second-round pick (35th overall, Sharks selected Marc-Edouard Vlasic) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 13, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Troy Murray television color analyst.
Minnesota Wild: Claimed center Jason Wiemer off waivers from the New York Islanders.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Scott Thornton to a two-year contract extension.

Nov 10, 2003
Florida Panthers: Fired assistant coach Mike Pelino and named Steve Ludzik assistant coach.

Nov 9, 2003
Florida Panthers: Fired head coach Mike Keenan; named general manager Rick Dudley interim coach.

Nov 5, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced that Bob Pulford will remain as general manager; named Dale Tallon assistant general manager; fired assistant general manager Nick Beverley, director of player evaluation Marshall Johnston and director of amateur scouting Bill Lesuk.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Steve Thomas to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Claimed right wing Mike Siklenka off waivers from the New York Rangers.

Nov 4, 2003
Nashville Predators: Signed center Tony Hrkac.

Nov 1, 2003
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed defenseman Nolan Baumgartner off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Oct 31, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Bryan Berard, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed right wing Marian Gaborik to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Bought out the contract of defenseman Janne Laukkanen.

Oct 30, 2003
Los Angeles Kings: Suspended defenseman Joe Corvo for three games without pay.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Sean Pronger from the Columbus Blue Jackets for left wing Zenith Komarniski.

Oct 28, 2003
St. Louis Blues: Signed general manager Larry Pleau to a a contract extension through the 2005-06 season.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Clarke Wilm, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.

Oct 27, 2003
St. Louis Blues: Acquired left wing Erkki Rajamaki from the Tampa Bay Lightning for an eighth-round pick (245th overall, Lightning selected Justin Keller) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 25, 2003
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Todd Bertuzzi to a four-year contract.

Oct 24, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Fired general manager Mike Smith; named Bill Pulford interim general manager.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed right wing Sheldon Keefe off waivers from the New York Rangers.

Oct 22, 2003
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Steve Konowalchuk and a third-round pick (later traded to Carolina; 69th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for left wing Bates Battaglia and right wing Jonas Johansson.
Nashville Predators: Claimed forward Jeremy Stevenson off waivers from the Minnesota Wild.
New York Rangers: Signed center Pascal Rheaume.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed right wing Steve Webb off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.

Oct 17, 2003
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defensemen Scott Ricci and Nathan Paetsch.

Oct 14, 2003
Florida Panthers: Signed center Petr Taticek to a three-year contract.

Oct 11, 2003
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Martin Havlat to a one-year contract.

Oct 10, 2003
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Anders Eriksson to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defensemen Trevor Byrne and Aaron McKenzie and forward Colin Hemingway.

Oct 9, 2003
Minnesota Wild: Claimed defenseman Alex Henry off waivers from the Washington Capitals.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Mike Keane, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.

Oct 8, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Shane O'Brien to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Duncan Keith.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Waived goaltender Jean-Sebastien Aubin.

Oct 7, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Waived right wing Igor Korolev.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Released left wing Riley Cote and defenseman Anders Eriksson.

Oct 6, 2003
Boston Bruins: Signed center Patrice Bergeron to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Eric Staal to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Dan Fritsch to a multi-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Released center Clarke Wilm.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Nathan Horton to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury.

Oct 5, 2003
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Steve Shields from the Boston Bruins for future considerations.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Denis Hamel from the Washington Capitals for future considerations.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Released left wing Philippe Audet.

Oct 4, 2003
Florida Panthers: Waived left wing Jonas Hoglund.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Dustin Brown to a three-year contract.

Oct 3, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducky: Claimed defenseman Todd Simpson from the Phoenix Coyotes in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed center Serge Aubin from the Colorado Avalanche and left wing Ronald Petrovicky from the New York Rangers in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft; acquired goaltender Jani Hurme from the Carolina Hurricanes for a fourth-round pick (109th overall, Hurricanes selected Brett Carson) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Acquired center Travis Green from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a sixth-round pick (190th overall, Blue Jackets selected Lennart Petrell) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Jamie Storr, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings. Claimed goaltender Jani Hurme from the Florida Panthers in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed center Travis Green from the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft.
Florida Panthers: Claimed goaltender Stephen Valiquette from the Edmonton Oilers in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft; released defenseman Todd Gill.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed left wing Darren Langdon from the Vancouver Canucks and center Steve Begin from the Buffalo Sabres in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft.
Nashville Predators: Claimed defenseman Wade Brookbank from the Ottawa Senators and goaltender Chris Mason from the Florida Panthers in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft.
New York Rangers: Claimed right wing Sheldon Keefe from the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed defenseman Nolan Baumgartner from the Vancouver Canucks in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft; signed center Cam Paddock.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed right wing Jeff Heerema from the New York Rangers in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed right wing Petr Tenkrat from the Columbus Blue Jackets in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft.
Washington Capitals: Claimed right wing Brian Willsie from the Colorado Avalanche in the 2003 NHL Waiver Draft.

Oct 1, 2003
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Brent Burns. 
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defensemen Brent Bilodeau and Jeff Sullivan.

Sep 30, 2003
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Nick Boynton to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Miroslav Satan to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Alexandre Daigle to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Claimed defenseman Shawn Heins off waivers from the Atlanta Thrashers and right wing Jeff Heerema off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.

Sep 29, 2003
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Miroslav Satan to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Released right wing Jeff Ewasko.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Released left wing Benoit Hogue.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Ethan Moreau to a four-year contract.

Sep 28, 2003
St. Louis Blues: Released right wing Rastislav Pavlikovsky.

Sep 27, 2003
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Ken Klee, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.

Sep 25, 2003
Florida Panthers: Released defenseman Petr Kadlec.

Sep 24, 2003
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Jay McKee to a multi-year contract.

Sep 23, 2003
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Mike Wilson.

Sep 22, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Released left wing Sandro Sbrocca.
Buffalo Sabres: Named Rick Martin skill development coach.
Florida Panthers: Named Michael Yormark chief operating officer.

Sep 21, 2003
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of right wing Ulf Dahlen.

Sep 20, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Released goaltender Adam Russo.

Sep 19, 2003
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Matt Foy to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Released defenseman Marc Busenburg.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Released left wing Nathan O'Nabigon and defenseman Andre Benoit.

Sep 18, 2003
Dallas Stars: Re-signed goaltender Marty Turco to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Released defensemen Tim Branham and Jon Coleman and forwards Connor Dunlop, Simon Ferguson and Chaz Johnson.

Sep 17, 2003
Detroit Red Wings: Released right wing Scott Horvath, center John Shouneyia and forward Kevin Spiewak.
Edmonton Oilers: Released forward Gregor Baumgartner.

Sep 16, 2003
San Jose Sharks: Released defenseman Tyler Hanchuck and center Geoff Platt.

Sep 15, 2003
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired goaltender Milan Hnilicka from the Atlanta Thrashers for future considerations.

Sep 12, 2003
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Rhett Warrener, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed an affiliation agreement with Indianapolis of the CHL.

Sep 11, 2003
Boston Bruins: Re-signed left wing Sergei Samsonov.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Dave Lowry.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Chris McAlpine, who had been been with the Los Angeles Kings.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Ramzi Abid.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Invited defenseman Jamie Pushor to training camp.

Sep 10, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Giguere to a four-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Shawn Heins, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center David Legwand; signed defenseman Jamie Allison and left wing Mathieu Darche.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Igor Larionov, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Serge Payer from the Florida Panthers for a ninth-round pick (283rd overall, Panthers selected Luke Beaverson) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Joe Nieuwendyk, who had been with the New Jersey Devils.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Magnus Arvedson, who had been with the Ottawa Senators.

Sep 9, 2003
Boston Bruins: Named Bob Essensa goaltending consultant.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Mike Commodore; named David Marcoux goaltender coach.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Lyle Odelein, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Nelson Emerson to the coaching staff.

Sep 8, 2003
New York Rangers: Signed center Dominic Moore.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Jan Hrdina to a one-year contract with a club option.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of center Doug Gilmour.

Sep 5, 2003
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Todd Rohloff, who had been with the Washington Capitals.
Nashville Predators: Extended its affiliation agreement with Toledo of the ECHL through the 2003-04 season.
New York Rangers: Signed center Mark Messier, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Murray Baron, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Nik Antropov to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Ivan Ciernik to a one-year contract; signed left wing Darcy Verot, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a one-year contract.

Sep 4, 2003
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Jere Lehtinen to a four-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Jonas Hoglund, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Matt Shasby to a two-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of goaltender Mike Richter.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Jiri Slegr.

Sep 3, 2003
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Felix Potvin, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Josef Vasicek to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Boris Mironov.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing Kristian Huselius to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Juraj Kolnik and defenseman Michel Periard to one-year contracts. 
Atlanta Thrashers: Announced an affiliation agreement with Gwinnett of the ECHL.

Sep 2, 2003
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of center Kirk Muller.

Aug 29, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Keith Aucoin to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Reid Simpson, who had been with the Nashville Predators, and defenseman Drake Berehowsky, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named John Ferguson Jr. general manager.

Aug 28, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center-left wing Tuomo Ruutu.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Rob Valicevic to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Announced an affiliation agreement with Augusta of the ECHL.
New York Rangers: Signed left wings Jan Hlavac and Martin Rucinsky.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Patrick Boileau.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Jon DiSalvatore.

Aug 27, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center Tyler Arnason; signed right wing Matt Ellison.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Kevin Miller.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Mike Modano to a one-year contract extension through 2004-05.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Scott Hannan.

Aug 26, 2003
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed goaltender Karl Goehring.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Niko Kapanen to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Andrei Markov to a two-year contract.

Aug 25, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wing Bill Lindsay, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Chris Drury to a four-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Steve Yzerman to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Dean Lombardi scout.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Chris Gratton to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Johan Hedberg from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a second-round pick (61st overall, Pittsburgh selected Alex Goligoski) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Aug 22, 2003
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman John Jakopin, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman David Tanabe to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed goaltender Sebastien Caron to a multi-year contract; signed goaltender Martin Brochu.
San Jose Sharks: Announced affiliation agreements with Fresno and Johnstown of the ECHL.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Bryan McCabe.

Aug 21, 2003
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Andy Chiodo.

Aug 20, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed right wing Stephen Baby.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Ryan Barnes to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Todd Gill, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Dan Boyle to a multi-year contract.

Aug 19, 2003
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Nolan Schaefer.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defenseman Mike Van Ryn.

Aug 18, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced an affiliation agreement with Florence of the ECHL for the 2003-04 season.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Dan Ellis to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wing Anson Carter.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Milan Michalek.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Ryan Kesler.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Francois Methot to a one-year contract.

Aug 16, 2003
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Nolan Pratt to a one-year contract.

Aug 15, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Extended the contracts of head coach Mike Babcock, assistants Lorne Henning and Paul MacLean and goaltending consultant Francois Allair; promoted video/scouting coordinator Greg Carvel to assistant coach; named Brent Flahr amateur and professional scout; named Jeff Crisp and Pavel Routa amateur scouts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Kimmo Timonen.

Aug 14, 2003
Calgary Flames: Announced an affiliation agreement with Las Vegas of the ECHL.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Richard Matvichuk to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Craig MacDonald and defenseman Kent Huskins to one-year contracts.

Aug 13, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed center Marc Savard.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Eric Cole to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Jeremy Reich and right wing Kent McDonell.
Minnesota Wild: Named Matt McConnell television play-by-play announcer.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Alexei Kovalev.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Cory Stillman to a one-year contract.

Aug 12, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed forwards Randy Robitaille and Eric Healey.
Boston Bruins: Exercised their walk-away rights on defenseman Bryan Berard's arbitration decision, making him a free agent; re-signed center Brian Rolston. Signed right wing Sandy McCarthy, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Danny Markov to a three-year-contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired forward Travis Brigley from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for future considerations.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Ivan Novoseltsev and left wing Ryan Jardine to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Travis Scott, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a two-year contract; signed centers Janis Sprukts and Greg Jacina.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Nils Ekman from the New York Rangers for forward Chad Wiseman; re-signed defensemen Jesse Figiber and Robert Mulick.

Aug 11, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed goaltender Pasi Nurminen.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Toni Lydman.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Jaroslav Svoboda to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Craig Simpson assistant coach.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Willie Mitchell to a one-year contract.

Aug 9, 2003
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Mike Johnson to a one-year contract.

Aug 8, 2003
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Ales Kotalik to a one-year contract with a club option; re-signed center Curtis Brown to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Brett Clark and center Steve Moore.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Paul Martin.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Daymond Langkow to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Janne Laukkanen to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Renewed its affiliation agreement with Memphis of the CHL.

Aug 7, 2003
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Pavol Demitra.
Washington Capitals: Announced the retirement of defenseman Calle Johansson; named Calle Johansson scout.

Aug 6, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed Niclas Havelid to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Chad LaRose to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named Mike Pelino assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing John Tripp, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Jason Beckett to a one-year contract.

Aug 5, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Deron Quint.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed center Shawn Horcoff to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Michael Henrich and defenseman Bobby Allen to one-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing Eric Beaudoin, defenseman Kyle Rossiter and center Mike Green.
New Jersey Devils: Named Jacques Laperriere assistant coach.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Justin Papineau to a one-year contract.

Aug 4, 2003
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Marty Reasoner and left wing Raffi Torres to two-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Gordie Dwyer to a two-year contract.

Aug 1, 2003
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Eric Boulton to a two-year contract and defenseman Henrik Tallinder to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Steve McCarthy.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Sean Avery and right wing Scott Barney to one-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Milan Kraft and right wing Matt Bradley.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced an affiliation agreement with Hamilton of the AHL; renewed their affiliation agreement with Pensacola of the ECHL.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Artem Chubarov.

Jul 31, 2003
Boston Bruins: Re-signed goaltender Andrew Raycroft and defensemen Zdenek Kutlak and Ed Campbell to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Adam Mair to a multi-year contract; re-signed centers Tim Connolly and Steve Begin, left wing Taylor Pyatt and defenseman Dmitri Kalinin to one-year contracts.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Jesse Wallin, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed centers Jozef Stumpel and Jerred Smithson and left wing Kip Brennan to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Bryan Muir, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Andrei Zyuzin to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed centers Mike Eastwood and Toby Petersen, left wing Rico Fata, right wing Kelly Buchberger and defenseman Rob Scuderi.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Cody Rudkowsky and left wing Marc Brown.

Jul 30, 2003
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Krzysztof Oliwa, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Ray Whitney, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a three-year contract with an option for the 2006-07 season.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Joe Rullier to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman John Erskine to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Jaroslav Bednar to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Manny Fernandez to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Brian Leetch, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers. 
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed left wing Radovan Somik to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Justin Williams to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Dick Tarnstrom.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wings Sheldon Keefe and Shane Willis.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Nolan Baumgartner; signed right wing Jesse Schultz.

Jul 29, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Mark Bell; signed left wing Ville Nieminen, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Jamie Rivers, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Brad Isbister to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Dmitry Afanasenkov and center Martin Cibak.

Jul 28, 2003
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Ian Moran, center Robert Liscak and left wings Doug Doull and Pat Leahy.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defensemen Brad Norton and Maxim Kuznetsov to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Marc Chouinard, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Paul Healey, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Zac Bierk to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Josh Holden to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Henrik Sedin and left wing Daniel Sedin.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Matt Pettinger to a one-year contract.

Jul 26, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed left wing Vyacheslav Kozlov. 

Jul 25, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Mike Mottau, left wing Casey Hankinson, and left wing Garrett Burnett.
Los Angeles Kings Re-signed center Steve Kelly.
Dallas Stars: Signed general manager Doug Armstrong to a two-year contract extension through the 2007-08 season; signed president Jim Lites to a six-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Erik Rasmussen, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Chris Simon, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Bryan Helmer from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Martin Grenier.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Jonathan Cheechoo.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed forward Reed Low and defenseman Matt Walker.

Jul 24, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Brian Swanson, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers; re-signed center Kamil Piros.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed left wing Darcy Hordichuk and right wing Denis Shvidki to one-year contracts; signed right wing Lee Goren to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Luc Robitaille, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Mike Ribeiro.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Mike Farrell.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Sean Brown, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
New York Islanders: Named Curt Fraser and Jeff Jackson assistant coaches.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Richard Scott.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Harold Druken.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Mike Grier to a one-year contract.

Jul 23, 2003
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Hal Gill to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Antti Laaksonen.
New York Islanders: Signed center Sean Bergenheim, their first-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Pascal Trepanier, who had been with the Florida Panthers.

Jul 22, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman/left wing Lance Ward and center Samuel Pahlsson.
Boston Bruins: Signed center/left wing Ted Donato to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Mike Sillinger and a second-round pick (34th overall, Stars selected Johan Fransson) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Darryl Sydor.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed forward Michael Ryder to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Mike Sillinger from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Teppo Numminen.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Ben Clymer.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Jim McKenzie and defenseman Andrei Mukhachev.

Jul 21, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Nick Smith to a one-year contract and defenseman Sheldon Brookbank to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Pierre Gauthier director of professional scouting.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Trent Hunter to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Named Tom Renney assistant coach; promoted Dave Brown to head pro scout.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Nikos Tselios, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a multi-year contract.

Jul 19, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Sergei Fedorov to a five-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing/defenseman Eric Messier and center Vaclav Nedorost from the Colorado Avalanche for left wing Peter Worrell and a second-round pick (later traded back to Florida via the New York Rangers; 37th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 18, 2003
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defensemen Derrick Walser and Darrel Scoville.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Arron Asham to a two-year conract; re-signed center Jason Wiemer to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Wade Redden to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Tyson Nash to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Brent Johnson, defensemen Bryce Salvador, Tom Koivisto and Christian Laflamme and centers Ryan Johnson, Mike Danton and Steve Martins.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed goaltender John Grahame to a multi-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Alexei Ponikarovsky to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Jason Doig to a one-year contract.

Jul 17, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Vaclav Prospal to a five-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defensemen Andy Sutton and Ivan Majesky.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Josh Green, who had been with the Washington Capitals.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Adam Deadmarsh to a one-year contract; signed left wing Ryan Flinn.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Mikko Koivu, their first-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Denis Arkhipov, defenseman Robert Schnabel and goaltender Wade Flaherty; signed defenseman Ray Schultz, who had been with the New York Islanders.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Mariusz Czerkawski, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Jussi Markkanen.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Peter Ferraro and center Chris Ferraro, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Fredrik Modin to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Sami Salo to a two-year contract; re-signed center Mats Lindgren.

Jul 16, 2003
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Steven Reinprecht; signed defenseman Roman Rozakov.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Bob Boughner from the Calgary Flames for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey via Columbus; 121st overall, Flames selected Kris Hogg) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Mark Mowers to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Olli Jokinen and right wing Viktor Kozlov to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Jon Sim to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Matt DeMarchi, left wings Ahren Nittel and Thomas Pihlman and right wings Ilkka Pikkarrainen and Aleksander Suglobov.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed defenseman Wade Redden to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Brent Johnson, defensemen Bryce Salvador, Tom Koivisto and Christian Laflamme and centers Ryan Johnson, Mike Danton and Steve Martins.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Wade Belak to a multi-year contract and goaltender Jamie Hodson to a one-year contract.

Jul 15, 2003
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Jonathan Girard and left wing Michal Grosek to one-year contracts.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Stephane Yelle.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Alexander Kojevnikov and defensemen Michal Barinka, Vladimir Gusev and Lasse Kuukonen.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Tomas Slovak to a multi-year contract; signed defenseman Karlis Skrastins and left wing Bates Battaglia to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Mark Hartigan and defenseman Alexander Gusjkov.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Antti Miettinen to a two-year contract; signed right wing Mattias Tjarnqvist to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Mathieu Dandenault to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Niklas Kronwall to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Petr Kadlec to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Denis Grebeshkov to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Martin Strbak and forward Esa Pirnes.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Christoph Brandner to a multi-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed forward Denis Platonov.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Matt DeMarchi, left wings Ahren Nittel and Thomas Pihlman and right wings Ilkka Pikkarainen and Aleksander Suglobov.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Martin Prusek.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Joni Pitkanen to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Daniel Cleary, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a multi-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Alyn McCauley, goaltender Mikka Kiprusoff, right wing Miroslav Zalesak and left wing Marco Sturm.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Brad Lukowich and right wing Andre Roy to multi-year contracts; signed right wing Evgeni Artukhin to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Darren Rumble to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Ric Jackman.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Dan Cloutier to a one-year contract and defenseman Marek Malik to a two-year contract.

Jul 14, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Darren Eliot director of community hockey programs.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Per-Johan Axelsson to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Joel Bouchard, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Allan Rourke to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Don Sweeney, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Mike Farrell from the Washington Capitals for defenseman Alexander Riazantsev; signed center/left wing Ben Simon.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Radek Martinek to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Greg de Vries, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Mike Siklenka, center Peter White and left wing Peter Vandermeer; signed left wings Mathieu Brunelle and Boyd Kane and defenseman Joey Hope.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Jakub Koreis, their first-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Ryan Malone.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Nathan Perrott to a multi-year contract; signed left wing Robb Palahnuk.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Kiril Koltsov.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Andrej Podkonicky; signed right wing Garret Stroshein to a two-year contract.

Jul 11, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Tommi Santala.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Max Birbraer to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed forward Alexander Perezhogin to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of defenseman Ken Daneyko.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Patrick Marleau.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Bryan Marchment, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Brad May to a two-year contract.

Jul 10, 2003
Boston Bruins: Named Norm Maciver assistant coach; signed goaltender Hannu Toivonen and center Sergei Zinovjev.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Bruno St. Jacques.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Scott Hartnell.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Kenny Jonsson to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Cale Hulse, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Andreas Holmqvist and forward Ryan Craig.

Jul 9, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Promoted Dan Marr to director of amateur scouting and player development and Marcel Comeau to head scout; named Mark Hillier full-time scout.

Jul 8, 2003
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Glen Wesley, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced goaltender Dominik Hasek will return to the NHL next season.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Richard Seeley to a one-year contract. 
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Johan Holmqvist. 
Nashville Predators: Signed defensemen Marek Zidlicky and Curtis Murphy.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Tavis Hansen.

Jul 7, 2003
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Jiri Hudler to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Trent Klatt, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Mathieu Chouinard to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Landon Wilson to a one-year contract.

Jul 5, 2003
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Denis Hamel, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a multi-year contract.

Jul 4, 2003
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Pierre Dagenais, who had been with the Florida Panthers, and goaltender Jean-Francois Damphousse, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to one-year contracts with a club option for 2004-05; signed forward Jonathan Ferland to a three-year contract.

Jul 3, 2003
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired center Steven Reinprecht from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Keith Ballard.
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Steven Reinprecht and defenseman Rhett Warrener from Buffalo Sabres for centers Chris Drury and Steve Begin.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Paul Kariya, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, and right wing Teemu Selanne, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Todd Marchant, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, and right wing Trevor Letowski, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to multi-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Derian Hatcher, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a five-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Mathieu Roy to a three-year contract, and defensemen Jan Horacek and Mikko Luoma to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Jarkko Ruutu.

Jul 2, 2003
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Joey Tetarenko, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Jason Strudwick.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed assistant coaches Don Jackson and Bill Moores to multi-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Chris Schmidt to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender David LeNeveu to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Gerard Dicaire to a three-year contract.

Jul 1, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Scott Nichol, who had been with the Calgary Flames; re-signed left wing Shawn Thornton.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Karlis Skrastins from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Andrew Cassels to a multi-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Chris Schmidt to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Chad Kilger to a two-year contract; bought out the contracts of right wings Mariusz Czerkawski and Randy McKay.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Rem Murray.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Jeff Hackett, who had been with the Boston Bruins.

Jun 30, 2003
Boston Bruins: Re-signed center P.J. Stock to a two-year contract; exercised the option on left wing Darren Van Oene; made qualifying offers to the following players: left wings Per-Johan Axelsson, Mike Gellard and Sergei Samsonov, defensemen Bryan Berard, Nick Boynton, Hal Gill, Jonathan Girard, Jarno Kultanen, Zdenek Kutlak, centers Carl Corazzini and Brian Rolston, and goaltender Andrew Raycroft. 
Buffalo Sabres: Made qualifying offers to the following restricted free agents: centers Curtis Brown, Adam Mair and Tim Connolly, left wings Eric Boulton, Andrew Peters and Taylor Pyatt, right wings Ales Kotalik, Jaroslav Kristek and Norm Milley, and defensemen Jay McKee, Rory Fitzpatrick, Dmitri Kalinin, Henrik Tallinder and Rhett Warrener; exercised the contract option on defenseman Brian Campbell.
Detroit Red Wings: Exercised the contract option on goaltender Dominik Hasek for the 2003-04 NHL season; re-signed right wing Darren McCarty to a four-year contract and defenseman Jason Woolley to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired the rights to defenseman Brian Leetch from the New York Rangers for goaltender Jussi Markkanen and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Toronto; 113th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed defenseman Cory Cross to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Andreas Johansson; made qualifying offers to Denis Arkhipov, Scott Hartnell, Petr Hubacek, David Legwand, Curtis Murphy, Alexander Riazantsev, Robert Schnabel and Kimmo Timonen.
New York Rangers: Re-signed left wings Dan LaCouture and Ronald Petrovicky.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Eric Desjardins and center Claude Lapointe to two-year contracts.
Phoenix: Re-signed defenseman Teppo Numminen to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Reinhard Divis, defenseman Aris Brimanis, left wing Sergei Varlamov and center Jeff Panzer.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired the rights to center Mark Messier from the New York Rangers for future considerations; signed left wings Pat Rissmiller and Yuri Moscevsky.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Maxim Kondratiev.
Washington Capitals: Acquired the rights to defenseman Dmitry Yushkevich from the Philadelphia Flyers for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 29, 2003:
Minnesota Wild: Signed forward Mika Hannula to a one-year contract.

Jun 27, 2003
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Andy Delmore from the Nashville Predators for a third-round pick (later traded to Minnesota; 79th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Made qualifying offers to centers Olli Jokinen, Mike Green and Serge Payer, right wings Viktor Kozlov, Ivan Novoseltsev, Jaroslav Bednar, Juraj Kolnik and Denis Shvidki, left wings Kristian Huselius, Darcy Hordichuk, Peter Worrell, Eric Beaudoin and Ryan Jardine and defensemen Michel Periard, Kyle Rossiter, Mike Van Ryn, Dmitri Tolkunov and Pascal Trepanier.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Lorne Molleken assistant coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Dirk Graham scout and Larry Bernard amateur scout.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced that coach Pat Quinn has relinquished his duties as general manager; named president Ken Dryden vice president of Maple Leafs Sports & Entertainment Ltd; eliminated the position of team president; announced that the contract of assistant to the general manager Bill Watters will not be renewed.

Jun 26, 2003
Calgary Flames: Named Rich Preston assistant coach.
Dallas Stars: Exercised their one-year contract option on right wing Aaron Downey; made qualifying offers to defensemen John Erskine, Richard Matvichuk and Stephane Robidas; center Niko Kapanen, right wing David Oliver and goaltender Marty Turco.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Pavel Datsyuk to a one-year contract with an option for 2004-05.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Petr Kanko to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Chris Bala from the Ottawa Senators in a three-team trade involving the Nashville Predators.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Curtis Murphy from the Minnesota Wild in a three-team trade involving the Ottawa Senators.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Peter Smrek from the Nashville Predators in a three-team trade involving the Minnesota Wild.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Dave Andreychuk.
Washington Capitals: Exercised the contract options of center Jeff Halpern and right wing Peter Bondra.

Jun 25, 2003
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Steve Montador, left wing Oleg Saprykin and goaltender Dany Sabourin.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Peter Forsberg to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Claimed right wing Valeri Bure off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
Nashville Predators: Signed defensemen Mark Eaton and Tomas Kloucek and forwards Libor Pivko and Timofei Shishkanov.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Eric Godard to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Roger Takahashi strength and conditioning coach.

Jun 23, 2003
Boston Bruins: Named Mike Sullivan coach.

Jun 22, 2003
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Marty Murray from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick (171st overall, Hurricanes selected Frederik Cabana) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. 
Florida Panthers: Acquired a seventh-round pick (223rd overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick (170th overall, Flyers selected Ladislav Scurko) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a seventh-round pick (originally Atlanta's; 205th overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 191st overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft; signed defenseman Christian Ehrhoff and goaltender Dimitri Patzold.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired eighth- and ninth-round picks (255th and 286th overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for seventh- (later traded to the New York Islanders; 227th overall) and ninth-round (291st overall, Flyers selected John Carter) picks in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 21, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired a first-round pick (28th overall, Ducks selected Corey Perry) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for two second-round picks (the first one previously acquired from San Jose; 36th and 54th overall, Stars selected Vojtech Polak and B.J. Crombeen) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Ivan Majesky from the Florida Panthers for a second-round pick (38th overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Andrei Nikolishin from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Mikael Samuelsson and first- and second-round picks (the latter previously received as compensation for losing Robert Lang; 3rd and 55th overall, Panthers selected Nathan Horton and Stefan Meyer) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from to the Pittsburgh Penguins for first- and third-round picks (1st and 73rd overall, Penguins selected Marc-Andre Fleury and Daniel Carcillo) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a first-round pick (25th overall, Panthers selected Anthony Stewart) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for two second- (the latter previously acquired from Phoenix; 34th and 41st overall, Lightning selected Mike Egener and Matt Smaby) and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; Ligthning selected Doug O'Brien) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Bryan Smolinski to a four-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired a first-round pick (17th overall, Devils selected Zach Parise) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for first- (previously acquired from St. Louis; 22th overall, Oilers selected Marc Pouliot) and second-round (68th overall, Oilers selected Jean-Francois Jacques) picks in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defensemen David Tanabe and Igor Knyazev from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Danny Markov and a third-round pick (later traded to Nashville; 78th overall) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Tyson Nash from the St. Louis Blues for a fifth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft or a fourth-round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a first-round pick (16th overall, Sharks selected Steve Bernier) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Boston Bruins for first- (previously acquired from Toronto; 21st overall, Bruins selected Mark Stuart), second- (previously received as compensation for losing Theo Fleury; 66th overall, Bruins selected Masi Marjamaki) and fourth-round picks (107th overall, Bruins selected Byron Bitz) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Scott Parker from the Colorado Avalanche for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 163rd overall, Avalanche selected Brad Richardson) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; signed forward Alex Korolyuk.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Cory Stillman from the St. Louis Blues for a second-round pick (62nd overall, Blues selected David Backes) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired third- and fourth-round picks (91st and 125th overall, Maple Leafs selected Martin Sagat and Konstantin Volkov) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Minnesota Wild for a third-round pick (78th overall, Wild selected Dan Irmen) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 20, 2003
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Jozef Stumpel and a seventh-round pick (later traded to Nashville; 213th overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Boston Bruins for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 129th overall, Bruins selected Patrick Valcak) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft and and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit; 64th overall, Bruins selected Martins Karsums) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 19, 2003
Nashville Predators: Promoted Brent Peterson to associate coach; named Peter Horachek assistant coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Eric Perrin.

Jun 18, 2003
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Tom Barrasso, who subsequently announced his retirement.

Jun 17, 2003
Montreal Canadiens: signed defenseman Francois Beauchemin to a two-year contract; exercised one-year option on goaltender Eric Fichaud.

Jun 16, 2003
Calgary Flames: Named Tom Webster scout.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed Trent Yawney as coach of Norfolk of the AHL.

Jun 13, 2003
Florida Panthers: Re-signed defensemen Mathieu Biron to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Ron Ryan president.

Jun 12, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Exercised their contract option with goaltender Byron Dafoe for the 2003-04 season.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Don MacLean and defenseman Pauli Levokari to one-year contracts with an option.

Jun 11, 2003
Florida Panthers Re-signed defenseman Branislav Mezei to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Eddie Olczyk coach.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Chris Osgood.

Jun 10, 2003
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Andrew Ference and center Blair Betts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Eric Chouinard and right wing Sami Kapanen to two-year contracts.

Jun 9, 2003
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Kiel McLeod.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Ian White.

Jun 6, 2003
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Kevin Weekes to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced that Doug MacLean will remain as coach.

Jun 5, 2003
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Robyn Regehr.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Frantisek Lukes to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Promoted Keith Wehner to director of media relations.

Jun 4, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed goaltender Kari Lehtonen.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Quintin Laing; extended their agreement with the Norfolk Admirals of the AHL through the 2003-04 season with an option for 2004-05.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Cody McCormick and goaltender Tom Lawson.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Eero Somervuori to a one-year contract.

Jun 3, 2003
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Aaron Johnson.
New York Islanders: Fired coach Peter Laviolette and assistant coaches Jacques Laperriere and Kelly Miller; named Steve Stirling new head coach. Named assistant coach Greg Cronin coach at Bridgeport of the AHL.

Jun 2, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Brad McCrimmon assistant coach.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Pavel Vorobiev, the team's first-round pick in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Fred Brathwaite, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Bob Gainey executive vice-president and general manager; demoted Andre Savard to assistant general manager; signed Gainey and Savard to four-year contracts.

Jun 1, 2003
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Matthew Spiller and left wing Darren McLachlan to multi-year contracts.

May 31, 2003
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Milan Jurcina to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired the rights to left wing Darren McLachlan from the Boston Bruins for a fifth-round pick (134th overall, Bruins selected Kris Versteeg) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

May 30, 2003
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Tim Gleason to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Announced that right wing Oleg Petrov has exercised his contract option for the 2003-04 season.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defensemen Alexandre Rouleau and Drew Fata.
San Jose Sharks: Announced that center Vincent Damphousse has exercised his contract option for the 2003-04 season; issued qualifying offers to right wing Jonas Fiedler and center Kris Newbury.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Jean-Francois Soucy to a three-year contract.

May 29, 2003
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Francis Bouillon to a two-year contract; signed center Duncan Milroy and defenseman Andrew Archer to three-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed forward Jordan Tootoo.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Pierre Hedin to a multi-year contract; acquired center Harold Druken from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Allan Rourke; acquired center Jeff Daw from Lowell of the AHL for future considerations.

May 28, 2003
Buffalo Sabres: Signed coach Lindy Ruff to a multi-year contract; signed right wing Derek Roy and center Chris Thorburn.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wings Shean Donovan and Chris Clark.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of goaltender Patrick Roy.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing David Bararuk.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired goaltender Roman Cechmanek from the Philadelphia Flyers for a second-round pick (later traded to Chicago; 41st overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

May 27, 2003
Ottawa Senators: Exercised the 2003-04 options on coach Jacques Martin and assistant coaches Don Jackson, Roger Neilson and Perry Pearn.

May 22, 2003 
Edmonton Oilers: Signed general manager Kevin Lowe to a four-year contract extension through the 2007-08 season.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Chris Higgins to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed forward Jed Ortmeyer and defenseman Steven MacIntyre.
San Jose Sharks: Announced it will exercise the contract option on center Mike Ricci; signed defenseman Doug Murray.

May 21, 2003
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed forward Nick Deschenes and defenseman Freddy Meyer.

May 15, 2003
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Duvie Westcott to a multi-year contract; signed forward Joe Motzko to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced that the team has renewed its partnership with Sandusky Radio through the 2005-06 season.

May 14, 2003 
Tampa Bay Lightning Re-signed center Tim Taylor to a multi-year contract.

May 13, 2003 
San Jose Sharks: Named Doug Wilson executive vice president and general manager.

May 12, 2003 
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Marc Bergevin from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a ninth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

May 7, 2003 
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Geoff Sanderson and right wing David Vyborny.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Kyle Wellwood.

May 5, 2003 
Detroit Red Wings: Announced they will not exercise the option on the contract of left wing Luc Robitaille.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Jan Bulis to a two-year contract.

May 2, 2003 
Pittsburgh Penguins: Fired coach Glenn Patrick of Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the AHL.

May 1, 2003 
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Craig Adams to a one-year contract.

Apr 30, 2003
Calgary Flames: Announced they have placed the Saint John Flames of the AHL in dormancy for the 2003-04 season.

Apr 28, 2003
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Patrick DesRochers to a one-year contract.

Apr 24, 2003
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Jeff Daniels to a one-year contract.

Apr 22, 2003
Calgary Flames: Purchased fifty percent of the Saint John Flames, their affiliate in the AHL.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Ossi Vaananen to a multi-year contract.

Apr 21, 2003
San Jose Sharks: Announced right wing Teemu Selanne will not exercise his contract option for the 2003-04 season.

Apr 18, 2003
Boston Bruins: Announced that Mike Sullivan has returned to coach Providence of the AHL.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Grant Stevenson.

Apr 15, 2003
Pittsburgh Penguins: Fired coach Rick Kehoe.
Nashville Predators: Announced that assistant coach Paul Gardner will not return for the 2003-04 season.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced that left wing Shayne Corson has resigned from team.

Apr 11, 2003
Calgary Flames: Fired general manager Craig Button and assistant general manager Dan Stuchal; announced coach Darryl Sutter will assume general manager duties.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Jason Ward to a two-year contract.

Apr 10, 2003
Calgary Flames: Announced assistant coach Brian Skrudland has resigned for family reasons.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Mike Stutzel to a one-year contract.

Apr 9, 2003
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman David Hale.

Apr 8, 2003
Los Angeles Kings: Exercised the options on the contracts of right wing Ziggy Palffy and defenseman Lubomir Visnovsky.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman David Turon to a multi-year contract.

Apr 5, 2003
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Josh Harding.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Peter Sejna.

Apr 4, 2003
New York Rangers: Signed center Lucas Lawson.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Tom Preissing and center Craig Valette.

Apr 3, 2003
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Noah Clarke to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Matt Stajan to a three-year contract.

Apr 1, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed left wing Chris Kunitz to a two-year contract.

Mar 28, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed forward Brian Maloney.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed rightwing Brett Hull t a one-year contract extension through the 2003-04 season.

Mar 27, 2003
Florida Panthers: Signed forward Gregory Campbell.

Mar 25, 2003
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Brendan Bell to a multi-year contract.

Mar 24, 2003
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Brad Fast to a two-year contract.

Mar 20, 2003
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Greg Black.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Sebastien Charpentier to a one-year contract with a club option for 2004-05.

Mar 19, 2003
Boston Bruins: Fired coach Robbie Ftorek and assistant Jim Hughes; announced that general manager Mike O'Connell will coach the team on an interim basis; named Mike Sullivan assistant and named Scott Gordon coach at Providence of the AHL for the remainder of the season.

Mar 18, 2003
San Jose Sharks: Fired general manger Dean Lombardi; named Wayne Thomas interim general manager.
St. Louis Blues: Waived goaltender Fred Brathwaite.

Mar 11, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired right wing Steve Thomas from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fifth-round pick (156th overall, Blackhawks selected Alexei Ivanov) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Rob Niedermayer from the Calgary Flames for goaltender Jean-Francois Damphousse and defenseman Mike Commodore.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired right wing Anthony Aquino from the Dallas Stars for a sixth-round pick (195th overall, Stars selected Drew Bagnall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Dan McGillis from the San Jose Sharks for a second-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers; 50th overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Ian Moran from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fourth-round pick (121st overall, Penguins selected Paul Bissonnette) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired right wing Shean Donovan from the Pittsburgh Penguins for center Mathias Johansson and defenseman Micki Dupont; acquired left wing Dean McAmmond from the Colorado Avalanche for a fifth-round pick in the 2003 or 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Radim Vrbata from the Colorado Avalanche for left wing Bates Battaglia.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Mathieu Schneider from the Los Angeles Kings for defenseman Maxim Kuznetsov, left wing Sean Avery, a first-round pick (27th overall, Kings selected Jeff Tambellini) in the 2003 NHL Etnry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to Boston; 64th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Claimed left wing Todd Warriner off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Janne Niinimaa and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 53rd overall, Islanders selected Evgeny Turik) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft for left wings Brad Isbister and Raffi Torres.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Anson Carter and defenseman Ales Pisa from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Cory Cross and right wing Radek Dvorak; acquired defenseman Lawrence Nycholat from the Minnesota Wild for goaltender Johan Holmqvist.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Bryan Smolinski from the Los Angeles Kings for defenseman Tim Gleason.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Peter White from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Matt Bradley from the San Jose Sharks for center Wayne Primeau; acquired left wings Guillaume Lefebvre and Ramzi Abid, and defenseman Dan Focht for center Jan Hrdina and defenseman Francois Leroux.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Valeri Bure from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Mike Van Ryn; acquired goaltender Chris Osgood and a third-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for center Justin Papineau and a second-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed defenseman Janne Laukkanen off waivers from the New York Rangers; acquired defenseman Marc Bergevin from the Pittsburgh Penguins for center Brian Holzinger.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Doug Gilmour from the Montreal Canadiens for a sixth-round pick (188th overall, Canadiens selected Mark Flood) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Phil Housley from the Chicago Blackhawks for fourth- and ninth-round picks in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired left wing Brad May from the Phoenix Coyotes for a conditional pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Sergei Berezin from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia; 101st overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 10, 2003
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Lyle Odelein from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Sami Helenius and a seventh-round pick (214th overall, Blackhawks selected Troy Brouwer) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Stu Barnes from the Buffalo Sabres for center Mike Ryan and a second-round pick (65th overall, Sabres selected Branislav Fabry) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right wing Grant Marshall from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fourth-round pick (previously re-acquired from Atlanta, later traded to Calgary via Carolina; 121st overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Richard Smehlik and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey, later traded to Calgary via Columbus and Carolina; 121st overall) from the Atlanta Thrashers for a fourth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Rob Ray from the Buffalo Sabres for future considerations; acquired center Bob Wren from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Tony Amonte from the Phoenix Coyotes for forward Guillaume Lefebvre, a third-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to New York Rangers; 60th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Chris Gratton and a fourth-round pick (later traded to Edmonton; 112th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for center Daniel Briere and a third-round pick (71st overall, Sabres selected Andrej Sekera) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 9, 2003
Nashville Predators: Acquired goaltender Wade Flaherty from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Pascal Trepanier.
New York Islanders: Acquired center Randy Robitaille from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fifth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Claude Lapointe from the New York Islanders for a fifth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Glen Wesley from the Carolina Hurricanes for a second-round pick (later traded to Columbus; 59th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 8, 2003
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Bryan Marchment from the San Jose Sharks for third- and fifth-round picks in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Darcy Hordichuk and a second-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for defenseman Brad Ference.
Los Angeles Kings: Claimed left wing Jon Sim off waivers from the Nashville Predators.

Mar 6, 2003
Florida Panthers: Named Duane Sutter and John Torchetti assistant coaches.

Mar 5, 2003
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Todd Gill.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Owen Nolan from the San Jose Sharks for centers Alyn McCauley and Brad Boyes and a first-round pick (later traded to Boston; 21st overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 4, 2003
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Simon Lajeunesse from Ottawa for right wing Joey Tetarenko.

Mar 3, 2003
Nashville Predators: Acquired forward Oleg Petrov from the Montreal Canadiens for a fourth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry draft.

Mar 1, 2003
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Dmitry Yushkevich from the Los Angeles Kings for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Boston; 129th overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft and a seventh-round pick (221st overall, Kings selected Daniel Taylor) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 28, 2003
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Mathieu Garon to a two-year contract extension with a club option for 2005-06.

Feb 25, 2003
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Vaclav Varada and a fifth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Buffalo Sabres for center Jakub Klepis.

Feb 24, 2003
New Jersey Devils: Acquired forward Pascal Rheaume from the Atlanta Thrashers for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Calgary via New Jersey, Columbus and Carolina; 121st overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 21, 2003
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed left wing Gordie Dwyer off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning. (xxx???)

Feb 20, 2003
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Jay Henderson from the New York Rangers for center Corey Larose.

Feb 19, 2003
St. Louis Blues: Claimed center Ryan Johnson off waivers from the Florida Panthers.

Feb 18, 2003
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Gary Roberts to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 17, 2003
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Bubba Berenzweig and a conditional pick in the 200. NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for right wing Jon Sim.

Feb 15, 2003
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Marcus Ragnarsson to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 14, 2003
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Jay McClement.

Feb 10, 2003
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Andrew Ference from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a conditional pick in the 200. NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Alexei Kovalev, left wing Dan LaCouture and defensemen Janne Laukkanen and Mike Wilson from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wings Rico Fata and Mikael Samuelsson and defensemen Joel Bouchard and Richard Lintner as well as future considerations.

Feb 9, 2003
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Shawn Heins from the San Jose Sharks for a conditional pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 7, 2003
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Pavel Brendl and defenseman Bruno St. Jacques from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Sami Kapanen and defenseman Ryan Bast.

Feb 6, 2003
Minnesota Wild: Signed coach Jacques Lemaire and assistants Mike Ramsey and Mario Tremblay to contract extensions.

Feb 5, 2003
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Chris McAllister from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Jani Hurme to a three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Todd Warriner from the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations.

Feb 4, 2003
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired forward Greg Koehler from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.

Jan 30, 2003
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired defensemen Sandis Ozolinsh and Lance Ward from the Florida Panthers for center Matt Cullen, defenseman Pavel Trnka and a fourth-round pick (124th overall, Panthers selected Jay Pemberton) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Named general manager Glen Sather head coach. 

January 29, 2003 
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Josh Harding.
New York Rangers: Fired head coach Bryan Trottier.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired forward Eric Chouinard from the Montreal Canadiens for a second-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 27, 2003
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Trevor Linden and defenseman Ed Jovanovski to three-year contract extensions.

Jan 25, 2003
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Kyle McLaren to a four-year contract.

Jan 24, 2003
New Jersey Devils: Acquired left wing Steve Kariya from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Mikko Jokela.

Jan 23, 2003
Boston Bruins: Acquired goaltender Jeff Hackett and defenseman Jeff Jillson from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Kyle McLaren and a fourth-round pick (126th overall, Sharks selected Torrey Mitchell) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Niklas Sundstrom and a third-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles; 95th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for goaltender Jeff Hackett.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Jean-Marc Pelletier to a multi-year contract.

Jan 22, 2003
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Mike Mottau from the New York Rangers for a sixth-round pick in either the 2003 or 2004 (xxx???) NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired forward Jamie Wright from the Calgary Flames for future considerations.

Jan 20, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired center Jeff Farkas from the Vancouver Canucks for centers Chris Herperger and Chris Nielsen.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Darren Van Impe.

Jan 17, 2003
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed center Harold Druken off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired a conditional pick (The selection will be a fifth-round pick, which becomes a fourth-round pick if Montreal qualifies for the playoffs.) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens as compensation for the hiring of Claude Julien as Montreal's new head coach.
Montreal Canadiens: Fired head coach Michel Therrien; named Claude Julien head coach.
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Jay Henderson from the Boston Bruins for a ninth-round pick (previously acquired from Boston, later traded to San Jose; 288th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 16, 2003
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing Claude Lemieux from the Phoenix Coyotes for left wing Scott Pellerin and a fourth-round pick (119th overall, Coyotes selected Kevin Porter) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of goaltender Kevin Hodson.

Jan 15, 2003 
Colorado Avalanche: Named Rick Tocchet assistant coach.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Joe Sacco to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed center Steve Martins off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.
Washington Capitals: Claimed left wing Josh Green off waivers from the New York Rangers; acquired defenseman Joel Kwiatkowski from the Ottawa Senators for a ninth-round pick (later traded back to Washington; 279th overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 14, 2003
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Bob Hartley coach.

Jan 13, 2003
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender John Grahame from the Boston Bruins for a fourth-round pick (later traded to San Jose; 129th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 8, 2003
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Boris Mironov from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Dallas; 104th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 7, 2003
Columbus Blue Jackets: Fired coach Dave King; named general manager Doug MacLean interim coach for the remainder of the season.

Jan 6, 2003
Boston Bruins: Acquired left wing Krzysztof Oliwa from the New York Rangers for a ninth-round pick (later traded to San Jose via Boston; 288th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Chris Heid to a multi-year contract.

Jan 2, 2003
Calgary Flames: Named Jim Playfair assistant coach.

Jan 1, 2003
Philadelphia Flyers: Claimed right wing Tomi Kallio off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.
