Aug 18, 2022
Calgary Flames: Signed center Nazem Kadri, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a seven-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Cole Guttman to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Samuel Walker to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Sean Monahan and a conditional first-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft (a first-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft if Calgary's pick ends up between 20 and 32, further conditions apply otherwise) from the Calgary Flames for future considerations.

Aug 17, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Maveric Lamoureux to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Anttoni Honka to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Jack Johnson to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Shane Bowers to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of center Kyle Turris.

Aug 14, 2022
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Jackson Cates to a one-year contract.

Aug 13, 2022
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed centers Jake Leschyshyn and Paul Cotter to three-year contracts.

Aug 12, 2022
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Caleb Jones and left wing Philipp Kurashev to one-year contracts.

Aug 10, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Riley Sheahan to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Kevin Korchinski to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Jake Walman to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Fabian Zetterlund to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center David Gustafsson to a two-year contract.

Aug 9, 2022
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Martin Necas to a two-year contract.

Aug 8, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Lawson Crouse to a five-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed centers Patrice Bergeron and David Krejci to one-year contracts; re-signed center Pavel Zacha to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed center Nicolas Roy to a five-year contract.

Aug 7, 2022
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed right wing Mason Appleton to a three-year contract.

Aug 6, 2022
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Maxime Lajoie to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Tyler Benson to a one-year contract.

Aug 5, 2022
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Yakov Trenin to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed right wing Keegan Kolesar to a three-year contract.

Aug 4, 2022
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Jonathan Huberdeau to an eight-year contract extension.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Miles Wood to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Mario Ferraro to a four-year contract.

Aug 3, 2022
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Anton Blidh to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed right wing Emil Bemstrom to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Kailer Yamamoto to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed right wing Jesper Bratt to a one-year contract.

Aug 2, 2022
Calgary Flames: Re-signed left wing Andrew Mangiapane to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Oliver Kylington to a two-year contract; signed right wing Martin Pospisil to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Jalen Luypen to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Tyce Thompson to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing C.J. Smith to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Zack MacEwen to a one-year contract.

Aug 1, 2022
Boston Bruins: Signed center Brett Harrison to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Leon Gawanke to a one-year contract.

Jul 29, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman John Klingberg to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Benjamin Gleason to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Owen Tippett to a two-year contract.

Jul 28, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Nathan Gaucher to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Ethan Bear to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Kaapo Kakko to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Mathieu Joseph to a four-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Brayden Pachal to a one-year contract.

Jul 27, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Olli Juolevi to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Mikhail Maltsev to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Bought out the contract of left wing Yauheni Aksiantsiuk.
Minnesota Wild: Bought out the contract of center Alexander Khovanov.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Tanner Lacynski to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Danton Heinen to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Klim Kostin to a one-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Ryan Donato to a one-year contract.

Jul 26, 2022
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Jesse Puljujarvi to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Henry Bowlby to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Jonas Siegenthaler to a five-year contract.

Jul 25, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Isac Lundestrom to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Stelio Mattheos, defenseman William Lagesson and left wing Ryan Dzingel to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Buddy Robinson to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Robert Hagg to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Jayce Hawryluk to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Nathan Todd to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Trevor Carrick to a one-year contract.

Jul 24, 2022
Seattle Kraken: Re-signed center Morgan Geekie to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Michal Kempny to a one-year contract.

Jul 23, 2022
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Jack Studnicka to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Matthew Phillips to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Trey Fix-Wolansky to a one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed centers Gabriel Vilardi and Jaret Anderson-Dolan to one-year contracts.

Jul 22, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed defenseman Urho Vaakanainen to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Olle Eriksson Ek and defenseman Simon Benoit to one-year contracts.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Matthew Tkachuk to an eight-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Patrik Laine to a four-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Will Butcher to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Matthew Tkachuk and a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft (a fourth-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft if the first-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft sent to Calgary happens to be in the draft lottery) from the Calgary Flames for left wing Jonathan Huberdeau, defenseman MacKenzie Weegar, right wing Cole Schwindt and a conditional first-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft (a first-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft if the 2025 pick happens to be in the draft lottery).
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Jesper Boqvist to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wig Tim Gettinger to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Steven Lorentz to a two-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Acquired right wing Oliver Bjorkstrand from the Columbus Blue Jackets for third- and fourth-round picks (previously acquired from Calgary and Winnipeg) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed center Pierre-Luc Dubois to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Johnathan Kovacevic to a three-year contract.

Jul 21, 2022
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Keaton Middleton to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Nino Niederreiter, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Kasperi Kapanen to a two-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Carsen Twarynski and right wing Kole Lind to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Lucas Edmonds to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of goaltender Ian Scott.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Jeff Malott to a two-year contract.

Jul 20, 2022
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Chase Pearson to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Gabriel Carlsson to a one-year contract.

Jul 19, 2022
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Callahan Burke to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Vitek Vanecek to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Isaac Ratcliffe to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed right wing Saku Maenalanen to a one-year contract.

Jul 18, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Conor Geekie to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Ryan Mast to a three-year contract; signed center Matt Filipe and defenseman Jack Ahcan to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Brett Murray to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Announced the retirement of defenseman Andrej Sekera.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed goaltender Samuel Montembeault to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Thomas Novak and left wing John Leonard to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Austin Rueschhoff to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Kaapo Kahkonen and right wing Luke Kunin to two-year contracts.

Jul 17, 2022
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Mattias Janmark to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Michael Del Zotto to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wings Nick Swaney and Mitchell Chaffee to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Niko Mikkola to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Pierre Engvall to a one-year contract.

Jul 16, 2022
Calgary Flames: Signed center Benjamin Jones to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Chris Tierney to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Liam Ohgren to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Rem Pitlick to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Joakim Kemell to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman John Marino from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Ty Smith and a third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Jeff Petry and center Ryan Poehling from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Michael Matheson and a fourth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Owen Pickering to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Michael DiPietro to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Jansen Harkins to a two-year contract.

Jul 15, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed centers Matthew Savoie, Noah Ostlund and Jiri Kulich to three-year contracts; signed defenseman Lawrence Pilut to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Mackenzie MacEachern and right wing Malte Stromwall to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Brad Hunt to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Reid Schaefer to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Evan Nause to a three-year contract; signed center Gerald Mayhew to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Zachary Sanford to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Calle Odelius to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Adam Sykora to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Rourke Chartier to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Morgan Frost to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Martin Frk to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Calle Jarnkrok, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a four-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wings Ludwig Persson and Alexander Suzdalev to three-year contracts.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Elias Salomonsson to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Ashton Sautner to a one-year contract.

Jul 14, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Glenn Gawdin, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Austin Strand and left wing Justin Kirkland to one-year contracts; signed center Chase De Leo and defenseman Colton White to two-year contracts.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Jean-Sebastien Dea to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Lukas Klok to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Zach Sawchenko to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Dylan Sikura to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Riley Barber to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Mark Pysyk to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Rudolfs Balcers to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Filip Mesar to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defensemen Kevin Gravel, Jordan Gross and Roland McKeown to two-year contracts; signed goaltender Kevin Lankinen, left wings Mark Jankowski and Cole Smith and right wing Kiefer Sherwood to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Simon Nemec to a three-year contract; signed left wing Ondrej Palat, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a five-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Turner Eolson to a two-year contract; signed right wing Ryan Carpenter to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Josh Norris to an eight-year contract; signed defenseman Tomas Hamara to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Jacob Larsson and goaltender Antoine Bibeau to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Matthew Benning, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a four-year contract; signed center Andrew Agozzino to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Markus Nutivaara, goaltender Aaron Dell and left wing C.J. Suess to one-year contracts.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Cameron Hughes to a two-year contract; signed center John Hayden and right wing Austin Poganski to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Scott Perunovich, centers Anthony Angello and Dylan McLaughlin, left wing Nathan Walker and Matthew Highmore and right wing Josh Leivo to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defensemen Victor Mete and Jordie Benn to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Christian Wolanin to a one-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Sakari Manninen and right wing Spencer Foo to one-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Signed centers Dylan Strome and Henrik Borgrstrom, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Matt Irwin to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Kyle Capobianco and center Alex Limoges to one-year contracts.

Jul 13, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Ryan Strome, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a five-year contract; signed right wing Frank Vatrano, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a three-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Josh Brown, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Troy Stecher, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; signed center Nick Bjugstad, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Bokondji Imama, goaltender Jon Gillies and center Laurent Dauphin to one-year contracts.
Boston Bruins: Acquired center Pavel Zacha from the New Jersey Devils for center Erik Haula; signed left wing A.J. Greer, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Daniel Renouf to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Keith Kinkaid, defenseman Connor Carrick and center Vinni Lettieri to one-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Ilya Lyubushkin, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Victor Olofsson to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Eric Comrie, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Kale Clague, Jeremy Davies and Chase Priskie to one-year contracts.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Nikita Zadorov to a two-year contract; signed left wing Kevin Rooney, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Dennis Gilbert to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Oscar Dansk, defensemen Colton Poolman and Nicolas Meloche, center Clark Bishop and right wing Trevor Lewis to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Nick DeSimone to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Max Pacioretty and defenseman Dylan Coghlan from the Vegas Golden Knights for future considerations; acquired defenseman Brent Burns and center Lane Pederson from the San Jose Sharks for right wing Steven Lorentz, goaltender Eetu Makiniemi and a conditional third-round pick (the lower of either Carolina's or Philadelphia's pick) in the 2023 NHL Draft; signed right wing Ondrej Kase, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Max Domi, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Andreas Athanasiou, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; signed center Colin Blackwell, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Alex Stalock and centers Luke Philp and Brett Seney to one-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Artturi Lehkonen to a five-year contract; re-signed defenseman Josh Manson to a four-year contract; re-signed center Darren Helm to a one-year contract; signed right wing Spencer Smallman to a two-year contract; signed defensemen Josh Jacobs and Andreas Englund, center Charles Hudon and goaltender Jonas Johansson to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Johnny Gaudreau, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a seven-year contract; signed defenseman Erik Gudbranson, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a four-year contract; re-signed defenseman Nick Blankenburg to a two-year contract; signed defensemen David Jiricek and Denton Mateychuk to three-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Mason Marchment, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a four-year contract; signed defenseman Colin Miller, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Ben Chiarot, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a four-year contract; signed center Andrew Copp, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a five-year contract; signed center Marco Kasper to a three-year contract; signed right wing David Perron, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Dominik Kubalik, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Austin Czarnik, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Olli Maatta and right wing Matt Luff to one-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed left wing Evander Kane to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Jack Campbell, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a five-year contract; signed goaltender Calvin Pickard and center Greg McKegg to two-year contracts; re-signed defenseman Brett Kulak to a four-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Colin White, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Nick Cousins, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Nathan Staios to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Alex Lyon and defensemen Marc Staal and Anthony Bitetto to one-year contracts.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Brendan Lemieux to a one-year contract. Signed defenseman Tobie Paquette-Bisson and goaltender Pheonix Copley to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Nicolas Petan to a two-year contract; signed center Steven Fogarty, defenseman Andrej Sustr and left wing Brandon Baddock to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Juraj Slafkovsky to a three-year contract; re-signed right wings Joel Teasdale and Alex Belzile and center Nathan Schnarr to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Madison Bowey and centers Mitchell Stephens and Anthony Richard to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defensemen Brendan Smith and Tylrer Wotherspoon to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Mason Geertsen, left wing Jack Dugan and center Brian Pinho to one-year contracts; bought out the contract of left wing Janne Kuokkanen.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Ty Emberson from the Arizona Coyotes for defenseman Patrik Nemeth, a conditional third-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft (or second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft) and a second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft; signed center Vincent Trocheck, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a seven-year contract; signed goaltender Louis Domingue, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Jaroslav Halak and defenseman Andy Welinski to one-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Claude Giroux, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Kristians Rubins, right wing Scott Sabourin and center Jacob Lucchini to one-year contracts; bought out the contract of defenseman Michael Del Zotto.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Nicolas Deslauriers, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a four-year contract; signed centers Adam Brooks and Cooper Marody and defenseman Kevin Connauton to two-year contracts; signed defensemen Justin Braun and Louis Belpedio and goaltender Troy Grosenick to one-year contracts; bought out the contract of left wing Oskar Lindblom.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Jan Rutta, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Xavier Ouellet to a two-year contract; signed right wing Josh Archibald, goaltender Dustin Tokarski and left wing Drake Caggiula to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Oskar Lindblom, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a two-year contract; signed center Nico Sturm, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a three-year contract; bought out the contract of left wing Rudolfs Balcers.
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Andre Burakovsky, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a five-year contract; signed centers Shane Wright and Ryan Winterton and right wing Jacob Melanson to three-year contracts; signed defenseman Justin Schultz, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract; signed center Andrew Poturalski to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Brogan Rafferty, goaltenders Magnus Hellberg and Martin Jones and right wing Jesper Froden to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Rob Thomas to an eight-year contract extension; re-signed defenseman Nick Leddy to a four-year contract; re-signed right wing Will Bitten to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Thomas Greiss and right wing Noel Acciari to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defensemen Mikhail Sergachev and Erik Cernak and center Anthony Cirelli to eight-year contracts; signed defenseman Haydn Fleury and goaltender Felix Robert to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Ian Cole and left wing Vladislav Namestnikov to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Nicolas Aube-Kubel, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; signed goaltender Ilya Samsonov, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; signed center Adam Gaudette and right wing Denis Malgin to one-year contracts; signed goaltender Dennis Hildeby to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Andrei Kuzmenko to a one-year contract; signed left wing Ilya Mikhkeyev, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a four-year contract; signed center Curtis Lazar, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a three-year contract; signed center Dakota Joshua to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Wyatt Kalynuk, goaltender Collin Delia and left wing Phillip Di Giuseppe to one-year contracts.
Vegas Golden Knights: Re-signed right wing Reilly Smith to a three-year contract; signed right wing Jonas Rondbjerg to a three-year contract; signed center Byron Froese and left wing Sheldon Rempal to two-year contracts; signed goaltender Michael Hutchinson and center Brett Howden to one-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Connor Brown from the Ottawa Senators for a second-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Darcy Kuemper, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a five-year contract; signed goaltender Charlie Lindgren to a three-year contract; signed center Marcus Johansson and defenseman Erik Gustafsson to one-year contracts.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender David Rittich and right wing Kevin Stenlund to one-year contracts.

Jul 12, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Malcolm Subban and right wing Vinnie Hinostroza to one-year contract extensions.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Stefan Noesen to a two-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Bought out the contracts of center Henrik Borgstrom and right wing Brett Connolly.
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Duncan Keith.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Alexander Edler to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Devin Cooley to a one-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired goaltender Cam Talbot from the Minnesota Wild for goaltender Filip Gustavsson.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Evgeni Malkin to a four-year contract extension; signed defenseman Pierre-Olivier Joseph to a two-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left Hugh McGing to a one-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Alex True to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 11, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Cam Dineen and right wing Christian Fischer to one-year contract extensions.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Valeri Nichushkin to an eight-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Marian Studenic to a one-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Carl Grundstrom to a two-year contract extension; signed center Lias Andersson to a one-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Zane McIntyre to a one-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Michael Pezzetta and defenseman Corey Schueneman to one-year contract extensions.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Jimmy Huntington to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Libor Hajek to a one-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Rickard Rakell to a six-year contract extension; signed right wing Alexander Nylander to a one-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed right wing Karson Kuhlman to a one-year contract extension.

Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired goaltender Matt Murray, a third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Ottawa Senators for future considerations.

Jul 10, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Jacob Bryson to a two-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Alexandar Georgiev to a three-year contract extension; signed defenseman Jacob MacDonald to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Maxime Lagace to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 9, 2022
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Filip Forsberg to an eight-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Grant Hutton to a three-year contract extension; signed defensemen Sebastian Aho and Robin Salo, left wings Otto Koivula and Andy Andreoff and goaltender Ken Appleby to two-year contract extensions; signed center Jeff Kubiak to a one-year contract extension.

Jul 8, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Edmonton; 94th overall, Coyotes selected Jeremy Langlois) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas) in the 2023 NHL Draft; acquired a seventh-round pick (previously re-acquired from San Jose via Ottawa; 204th overall, Coyotes selected Adam Zlnka) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Brandon Biro to a two-year contract extension.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Liam Gorman from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a sixth-round pick (167th overall, Penguins selected Nolan Collins) in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired a sixth-round pick (188th overall, Blackhawks selected Nils Juntorp) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for a sixth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Buffalo via Vegas) from the San Jose Sharks for a fifth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired goaltender Ville Husso from the St. Louis Blues for a third-round pick (73rd overall, Blues selected Aleksanteri Kaskimaki) in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Ville Husso to a three-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Eetu Luostarinen to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Lucas Carlsson to a one-year contract extension; acquired a seventh-round pick (214th overall, Panthers selected Liam Arnsby) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a seventh-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Adrian Kempe to a four-year contract extension; acquired a seventh-round pick (215th overall, Kings selected Kaleb Lawrence) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Boston Bruins for a seventh-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired goaltender Vitek Vanecek and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg; 46th overall, Devils selected Seamus Casey) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Washington Capitals for second- and third-round picks (37th and 70th overall; Capitals selected Ryan Chesley and Alexander Suzdalev in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Tony DeAngelo and a seventh-round pick (220th overall, Flyers selected Alexis Gendron) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for a fourth-round pick (101st overall, Hurricanes selected Simon Forsmark) in the 2022 NHL Draft, a conditional third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Tony DeAngelo to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Luke Kunin from the Nashville Predators for left wing John Leonard and a third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Seattle Kraken: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary; 91st overall, Kraken selected Ben MacDonald) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Boston Bruins for fourth- and fifth-round picks (the former previously acquired from Washington; 117th and 132nd overall, Bruins selected Cole Spicer and Frederic Brunet) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 86th overall, Lightning selected Lucas Edmonds) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Los Angeles King for fourth- and sixth-round picks (previously acquired from Chicago and Detroit; 103rd and 169th overall, Kings selected Kenny Connors and Jared Wright) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto via Columbus; 122nd overall, Maple Leafs selected Dennis Hildeby) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Vegas Golden Knights: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg via Vancouver; 79th overall, Golden Knights select Jordan Gustafson) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for third- and fifth-round picks (previously acquired from the New York Rangers and Chicago; 95th and 135th overall, Maple Leafs selected Nicholas Moldenhauer and Nikita Grebyonkin) in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 128th overall, Golden Knights selected Cameron Whitehead) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a fourth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Lucas Johansen to a two-year contract extension.

Jul 7, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired a first-round pick (11th overall, Coyotes selected Conor Geekie) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the San Jose Sharks a first-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina via Montreal; 27th overall, Sharks selected Filip Bystedt) and two second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 34th and 45th overall, Sharks selected Cameron Lund and Mattias Havelid) in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Zack Kassian, a first-round pick (29th overall, Coyotes selected Maveric Lamoureux) in the 2022 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for a first-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 32nd overall, Oilers selected Reid Schaefer) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired goaltender Petr Mrazek and a first-round pick (25th overall, Blackhawks selected Sam Rinzel) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a second-round pick (38th overall, Maple Leafs selected Fraser Minten) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Alexandar Georgiev from the New York Rangers for third- and fifth-round picks (97th and 161st overall, Rangers selected Bryce McConnell-Barker and Maxim Barbashev) in the 2022 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Kirby Dach from the Chicago Blackhawks for a first- and third-round picks (the former previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 13th and 66th overall, Blackhawks selected Frank Nazar and Gavin Hayes) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Alexander Romanov and a fourth-round pick (98th overall, Islanders selected Isaiah George) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for a first-round pick (later traded to Chicago) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Alex DeBrincat from the Chicago Blackhawks for first- and second-round picks (7th and 39th overall, Blackhawks selected Kevin Korchinski and Paul Ludwinski) in the 2022 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.

Jul 7, 2022
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Dillon Heatherington to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Kris Letang to a six-year contract extension.

Jul 6, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Adam Boqvist to a three-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Jacob Middleton to a three-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Bought out the contract of center Colin White.

Jul 5, 2022
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Kyle Keyser and defenseman Nick Wolff to one-year contract extensions.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Andrew Cogliano to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Aleksi Heponiemi to a one-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed goaltender Casey DeSmith to a two-year contract extension.

Jul 3, 2022
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Ryan McDonagh from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Philippe Myers and left wing Grant Mismash; agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Matt Tennyson.

Jul 2, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Carson Meyer to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with goaltender Amir Miftakhov.

Jul 1, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Joshua Dunne to a one-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Frederic Allard to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Julien Gauthier to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Nicholas Paul to a seven-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Brock Boeser to a three-year contract extension; signed defenseman Jack Rathbone to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Noah Juulsen and right wing William Lockwood to one-year contract extensions.

Jun 30, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Craig Anderson to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Mathieu Olivier from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto, later traded back to Toronto) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Riley Tufte to a one-year contract extension; signed goaltender Scott Wedgewood to a two-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Matt Villalta to a one-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Gustav Olofsson to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 29, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Sean Malone to a one-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Ryan Shea to a one-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired right wing Kevin Fiala from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman Brock Faber and a first-round pick (19th overall, Wild selected Liam Ohgren) in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed right wing Kevin Fiala to a seven-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Darren Raddysh to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 28, 2022
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Joseph Cecconi to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 27, 2022
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Matt Kiersted to a two-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Timothy Liljegren to a two-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center John Stevens and defenseman Guillaume Brisebois to one-year contract extensions; signed center Sheldon Dries to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 24, 2022
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Victor Brattstrom to a one-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Cody Glass to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 23, 2022
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Felix Sandstrom to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 22, 2022
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Connor Dewar to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 21, 2022
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Daniil Miromanov to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 20, 2022
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Simon Ryfors to a one-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Brett Leason amd center Beck Malenstyn to two-year contract extensions.

Jun 18, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Brendan Gaunce to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 17, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Liam Foudy to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 16, 2022
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Evgeni Dadonov from the Vegas Golden Knights for defenseman Shea Weber.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Samuel Blais to a one-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Sean Day to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 15, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Daniil Tarasov to a three-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Jacob Moverare to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Dylan Gambrell to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 14, 2022
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Nicholas Caamano and center Fredrik Karlstrom to one-year contract extensions.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Jussi Olkinuora to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Anton Levtchi to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center T.J. Tynan to a two-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Otto Leskinen to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of goaltender Carter Hutton.

Jun 13, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Filip Cederqvist to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Lukas Sedlak to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Brad Malone to a two-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Jeremy Lauzon to a four-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Filip Johansson to a two-year contract.

Jun 12, 2022
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Vitali Kravtsov to a one-year contract extension.

Jun 10, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired goaltender Ben Bishop and a seventh-round pick (211th overall, Sabres selected Linus Sjodin) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Dallas Stars for future considerations.

Jun 9, 2022
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Elmer Soderblom to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with goaltender Ilya Konovalov.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Markus Nurmi to a one-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Ville Petman to a two-year contract.

Jun 7, 2022
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Kai Wissmann to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Jack Roslovic to a two-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Denis Gurianov and defenseman Alex Petrovic to one-year contract extensions.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Nils Aman to a two-year contract.

Jun 6, 2022
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Matej Blumel to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Chris Wideman to a two-year contract extension.

Jun 2, 2022
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Joona Koppanen to a one-year contract.

Jun 1, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Joona Luoto to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Calle Rosen to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Gannon Laroque to a three-year contract.

May 31, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Pavol Regenda to a three-year contract. 
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Ronald Knot to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Isak ROsen to a three-year contract.

May 30, 2022
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Tyrel Bauer to a three-year contract.

May 29, 2022
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the retirement of center Jason Spezza.

May 27, 2022
Calgary Flames: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with left wing Dmitri Zavgorodniy.

May 26, 2022
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Linus Karlsson to a two-year contract.

May 25, 2022
New York Islanders: Signed center Ruslan Ishakov to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Taylor Fedun to a two-year contract extension.

May 24, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Ivan Prosvetov to a one-year contract extension.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Marcus Bjork to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of center Frans Nielsen.

May 23, 2022
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Filip Roos to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Linus Sandin to a one-year contract extension.

May 22, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Olivier Nadeau to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Steven Kampfer to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Mark Giordano to a two-year contract extension.

May 21, 2022
Calgary Flames: Signed center Ilya Nikolayev to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Taro Hirose to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Sined right wing Bryan Rust to a six-year contract extension. 
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Jaydon Dureau to a three-year contract.

May 20, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Joonas Korpisalo to a one-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Mitchell Russell to a three-year contract.

May 19, 2022
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Nick Seeler to a two-year contract extension.

May 18, 2022
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Fredrik Olofsson to a one-year contract.

May 17, 2022
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Adam Ginning to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Vadim Zherenko to a three-year contract.

May 16, 2022
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Jakub Zboril to a two-year contract extension; signed center John Beecher to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed right wing Adam Klapka to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Pontus Andreasson to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Jesper Wallstedt to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Yaroslav Askarov to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Gustav Rydahl to a one-year contract.

May 14, 2022
Los Angeles Kings: Announced the retirement of right wing Dustin Brown.

May 13, 2022
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Olof Lindbom to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Topi Niemela and center Roni Hirvonen to three-year contracts.

May 12, 2022
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Topias Vilen to a three-year contract.

May 11, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Alexander Kisakov to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Carter Savoie to a three-year contract.

May 10, 2022
San Jose Sharks: Announced the retirement of left wing Patrick Marleau.

May 9, 2022
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Pavel Novak to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Alexander Barabanov and defenseman Jaycob Megna to two-year contract extensions.
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Max McCormick to a two-year contract extension.

May 7, 2022
New York Rangers: Signed center Adam Edstrom to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Ivan Fedotov to a one-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Peetro Seppala to a two-year contract.

May 6, 2022
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Oskari Salminen to a two-year contract.

May 5, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Calle Clang to a three-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed right wing Milos Kelemen to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Mikael Pyyhtia to a three-year contract.

May 4, 2022
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Riley Kidney to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Ryder Korczak to a three-year contract.

May 3, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Kirill Marchenko to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Samuel Morin.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Bogdan Trineyev to a three-year contract.

May 2, 2022
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Alexander Pashin to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Danila Zhuravylov to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Santtu Kinnunen to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Raivis Ansons to a three-year contract.

Apr 30, 2022
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Simon Johansson to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Brendan Brisson to a three-year contract.

Apr 29, 2022
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Sam Lafferty to a two-year contract extension.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Bobby McMann to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Garin Bjorklund to a three-year contract.

Apr 27, 2022
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Chaz Lucius to a three-year contract.

Apr 26, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Sam Carrick to a two-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed center Ivan Morozov to a two-year contract.

Apr 25, 2022
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Turner Elson to a one-year contract.

Apr 24, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of center Ryan Getzlaf.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Simon Edvinsson to a three-year contract.

Apr 22, 2022
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Ethan Del Mastro to a three-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed defenseman Ryker Evans to a three-year contract.

Apr 21, 2022
New York Islanders: Signed right wing William Dufour to a three-year contract.

Apr 19, 2022
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Strauss Mann to a one-year contract.

Apr 18, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Josh Bloom to a three-year contract.

Apr 16, 2022
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Thomas Bordeleau to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Wyatt Bongiovanni to a two-year contract.

Apr 15, 2022
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Brian Elliott to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 14, 2022
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Max Veronneau to a one-year contract.

Apr 13, 2022
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Reese Johnson to a two-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Ben Meyers to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Magnus Hellberg to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Adam Wilsby to a two-year contract.

Apr 12, 2022
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Wyatt Aamodt to a one-year contract.

Apr 11, 2022
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Francesco Pinelli to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Nick Cicek to a two-year contract.

Apr 10, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Blake McLaughlin to a two-year contract.
Arizona Coyotes: Sined center Nathan Smith to a two-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Oskar Steen to a two-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Bobby Brink to a three-year contract.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Matthew Beniers to a three-year contract.

Apr 9, 2022
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Georgi Merkulov to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Henri Nikkanen and left wing Daniel Torgersson to three-year contracts.

Apr 8, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Owen Power to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Kent Johnson to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Nick Blankenburg to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Axel Rindell and right wing Max Ellis to two-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Spencer Martin to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 6, 2022
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Noah Philp to a one-year contract.

Apr 5, 2022
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Kurtis MacDermid to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Lukas Svejkovsky to a three-year contract.

Apr 4, 2022
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Emil Heineman to a three-year contract.

Apr 1, 2022
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Bobby Trivigno to a two-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Nikolai Knyzhov to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 31, 2022
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Xavier Bourgault to a three-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Lucas Condotta to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Spencer Stastney to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Nick Perbix to a one-year contract.

Mar 30, 2022
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Brandon Bussi to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Noel Gunler to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Kim Nousiainen to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Alex Goligoski to a two-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Joshua Roy to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Mikko Kokkonen to a three-year contract.

Mar 29, 2022
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Ryan Fanti to a two-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Andre Lee to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Sam Hentges to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Ronnie Attard to a two-year contract. 
Pittsburgh Penguis: Signed center Ty Glover to a three-year contract.

Mar 28, 2022
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender David Hrenak to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Maxim Letunov from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Tarmo Reunanen.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Colin Swoyer to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Brady Lyle from the Boston Bruins for future considerations.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Michael Vecchione to a one-year contract extension; signed goaltender Clay Stevenson to a two-year contract.

Mar 27, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Joshua Lopina to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Brian Halonen to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Jake Sanderson to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Noah Cates to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Matthew Kessel to a two-year contract.

Mar 26, 2022
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Jordan Harris to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Nicholas Abruzzese to a two-year contract.

Mar 24, 2022
New Jersey Devils: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with defenseman Christian Jaros.

Mar 23, 2022
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Jaxson Stauber to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Vladislav Firstov to a three-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Brennen Mennell from the Toronto Maple Leafs for future considerations.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Matthew Peca to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 22, 2022
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Curtis Douglas to a two-year contract.

Mar 21, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Evgeni Dadonov and a conditional second-round pick in the 2023 or 2024 NHL Draft from the Vegas Golden Knights for center Ryan Kesler and defenseman John Moore.
Arizona Coyotes: Signed goaltender Karel Vejmelka to a three-year contract extension; acquired defenseman Jack McBain from the Minnesota Wild for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 47th overall, Wild selected Hunter Haight) in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired centers Bryan Little and Nathan Smith from the Winnipeg Jets for a fourth-round pick (99th overall, Jets selected Garrett Brown) in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Jack McBain to a two-year contract; claimed goaltender Harri Sateri off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Jake DeBrusk to a two-year contract extension.
Calgary Flames: Acquired right wing Ryan Carpenter from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fifth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired center Max Domi from the Florida Panthers for right wing Yegor Korshkov; signed center Jesperi Kotkaniemi to an eight-year contract extension.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Artturi Lehkonen from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Justin Barron and a second-round pick in the 2024 NHL 
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Aidan Hreschuk from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Tyler Inamoto.
Draft; acquired left wing Andrew Cogliano from the San Jose Sharks for a fifth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Brett Kulak from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman William Lagesson, a conditional second-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft (a second-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft if Edmonton reaches the Stanley Cup Final; 62nd overall, Canadiens selected Lane Hutson) and a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Max Domi and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 186th overall, Panthers selected Joshua Davies) from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Tyler Inamoto.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Frederic Allard from the Nashville Predators for left wing Brayden Burke; acquired center Derick Brassard from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas) in the 2024 NHL Draft; signed center Blake Lizotte to a two-year contract extension.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury from the Chicago Blackhawks for a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick if Minnesota reaches the Western Conference Final and Fleury has at least 4 wins in first two rounds; 57th overall, Blackhawks selected Ryan Greene) in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired defenseman Jabob Middleton from the San Jose Sharks for goaltender Kaapo Kahkonen and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 140th overall, Sharks selected Jake Furlong) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Alex Biega from the Toronto Maple Leafs for future considerations; signed center Jachym Kondelik to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired goaltender Andrew Hammond from the Montreal Canadiens for center Nate Schnarr.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Cal Clutterbuck to a two-year contract extension; signed left wing Zach Parise to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Justin Braun from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Nick Merkley from the San Jose Sharks for defenseman Anthony Bitetto; acquired center Andrew Copp and a sixth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft from the Winnipeg Jets for center Morgan Barron, a conditional second-round pick (a first-round pick if Rangers win 2 playoff rounds and Copp plays 50% of their games; 30th overall, Jets selected Brad Lambert) in the 2022 NHL Draft, a conditional second-round pick (either the Rangers' one or the on previously acquired from St. Louis; previously acquired from St. Louis; 55th overall, Jets selected Elias Salomonsson) in the 2022 NHL Draft and a fifth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Tyler Motte from the Vancouver Canucks for a fourth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Zach Senyshyn and a fifth-round pick (151st overall, Senators selected Kevin Reidler) in the 2022 NHL Draft from the Boston Bruins for defenseman Josh Brown and a conditional seventh-round pick (a sixth-round pick if Senyshyn plays 5 games with Ottawa before the end of the 2021-22 season; 200th overall, Bruins selected Jackson Edward) in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired goaltender Michael McNiven from the Calgary Flames for future considerations; signed goaltender Anton Forsberg to a three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Hayden Hodgson to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Nathan Beaulieu from the Winnipeg Jets for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition ... not fulfilled) in the 2022 NHL Draft; acquired right wing Rickard Rakell from the Anaheim Ducks for right wing Dominik Simon, left wing Zach Aston-Reese, goaltender Calle Clang and a second-round pick (53rd overall, Ducks selected Tristan Luneau) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Seattle Kraken: Acquired center Victor Rask from the Minnesota Wild for future considerations; claimed defenseman Derrick Pouliot off waivers from the Vegas Golden Knights.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defensemen Nick Leddy and Luke Witkowski from the Detroit Red Wings for center Oskar Sundqvist, defenseman Jake Walman and a second-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Riley Nash from the Arizona Coyotes for future considerations; acquired goaltender Alexei Melnichuk from the San Jose Sharks for center Antoine Morand.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed center Brad Richardson off waivers from the Calgary Flames.
Washington Capitals: Acquired center Marcus Johansson from the Seattle Kraken for right wing Daniel Sprong, a fourth-round pick (later traded to Boston) in the 2022 NHL Draft and a sixth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft; acquired center Johan Larsson from the Arizona Coyotes for a third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired defenseman Markus Phillips from the Los Angeles Kings for defenseman Nelson Nogier; acquired left wing Zach Sanford from the Ottawa Senators for a fifth-round pick (143rd overall, Senators selected Cameron O'Neill) in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed right wing Kristian Reichel to a two-year contract.

Mar 20, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed right wing Gerry Mayhew off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Hampus Lindholm to an eight-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Acquired goaltender Scott Wedgewood from the Arizona Coyotes for a conditional fourth-round pick (a third-round pick if Dallas qualifies for the 2022 Stanley Cup Playoffs) in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Robert Hagg from the Buffalo Sabres for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Calgary; 187th overall, Sabres selected Gustav Karlsson) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Troy Stecher from the Detroit Red Wings for a seventh-round pick (212th overall, Red Wings selected Brennan Ali) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Jeremy Lauzon from the Seattle Kraken for a second-round pick (49th overall, Kraken selected Jani Nyman) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Travis Hamonic from the Vancouver Canucks for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver via Vegas; 80th overall, Canucks selected Elias Pettersson) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Mark Friedman to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Nicholas Paul from the Ottawa Senators fro right wing Mathieu Joseph and a fourth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft; signed center Ilya Usau to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Mark Giordano and center Colin Blackwell from the Seattle Kraken for a second-round pick (58th overall, Kraken selected Niklas Kokko) in the 2022 NHL Draft, a second-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft; signed goaltender Harri Sateri to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired defenseman Travis Dermott from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Winnipeg later traded to Vegas) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired right wing Mason Appleton from the Seattle Kraken for a fourth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.

Mar 19, 2022
Boston Bruins: Acquired defensemen Hampus Lindholm and Kodie Curran from the Anaheim Ducks for defensemen John Moore and Urho Vaakanainen, a first-round pick (22nd overall, Ducks selected Nathan Gaucher) in the 2022 NHL Draft, and second-round picks in the 2023 and 2024 NHL Drafts.
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Claude Giroux, centers German Rubtsov and Connor Bunnaman and a fifth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Owen Tippett, a conditional first-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft (a first-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft if the 2024 picks ends up in the top 10) and a third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Taylor Ward to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Nicolas Deslauriers from the Anaheim Ducks for a third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Brandon Scanlin to a two-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed goaltender Isaiah Saville to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender Philippe Desrosiers to a one-year contract.

Mar 18, 2022
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Brandon Hagel, a fourth-round pick (later traded to Los Angeles) in the 2022 NHL Draft and a fourth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Taylor Raddysh, left wing Boris Katchouk and two first-round picks in the 2023 and 2024 NHL Drafts.

Mar 17, 2022
Ottawa Senators: Signed left wing Philippe Daoust to a three-year contract.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Derrick Pouliot to a one-year contract.

Mar 16, 2022
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Calle Jarnkrok from the Seattle Kraken for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 61st overall, Kraken selected David Goyette) in the 2022 NHL Draft, a third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft and a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Cross Hanas to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Ben Chiarot from the Montreal Canadiens for center Ty Smilanic, a first-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft and a fourth-pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 127th overall, Canadiens selected Cedrick Guindon) in the 2022 NHL Draft; signed defenseman Zach Uens to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired center Frank Vatrano from the Florida Panthers for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Montreal) in the 2022 NHL Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Tomas Hertl to an eight-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Declan Carlile to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Joe Snively to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 15, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Drew Helleson to a three-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed center Marc McLaughlin to a two-year contract. 
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Alex Vlasic to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Nico Sturm from the Minnesota Wild for center Tyson Jost.

Mar 14, 2022
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Michael Callahan to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Josh Manson from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Drew Helleson and a second-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft.

Mar 12, 2022
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Pavel Francouz to a two-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Drew O'Connor to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 11, 2022
Dallas Stars: Signed center Joe Pavelski to a one-year contract extension.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Arshdeep Bains to a three-year contract.

Mar 10, 2022
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Remi Poirier to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Markus Niemelainen to a two-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Rasmus Ristolainen to a five-year contract extension.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Corey Andonovski to a two-year contract.

Mar 9, 2022
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Navrin Mutter to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Kyle Clifford to a two-year contract extension; signed defenseman Carl Dahlstrom to a one-year contract extension.

Mar 8, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed defenseman Andrej Sustr off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Justin Danforth to a two-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Signed center Jared McCann to a five-year contract extension.

Mar 7, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Billy Sweezey to a two-year contract.

Mar 6, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Liam O'Brien to a two-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Claimed defenseman Olli Juolevi off waivers from the Florida Panthers.
New York Islanders: Claimed right wing Austin Czarnik off waivers from the Seattle Kraken.

Mar 5, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Signed center Travis Boyd to a two-year contract extension.
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Ben Hutton to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 3, 2022
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Seth Griffith to a two-year contract extension.

Mar 2, 2022
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Michael McNiven from the Montreal Canadiens for future considerations.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing James Hamblin and defenseman Vincent Desharnais to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Dmitri Samorukov to a one-year contract extension.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Will Cranley to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired goaltender Alex Stalock from the Edmonton Oilers for future considerations.

Mar 1, 2022
Calgary Flames: Signed center Rory Kerins to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Antonio Stranges to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Jordan Frasca and goaltender Taylor Gauthier to three-year contracts.
Seattle Kraken: Signed left wing Tye Kartye to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Bennett MacArthur to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Henry Rybinski to a three-year contract.

Feb 28, 2022
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Petteri Lindbohm to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed center Jonny Brodzinski to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 25, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Signed defenseman Dysin Mayo to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 24, 2022
Dallas Stars: Claimed right wing Marian Studenic off waivers from the New Jersey Devils.

Feb 22, 2022
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Michael Callahan from the Arizona Coyotes for a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft.

Feb 21, 2022
San Jose Sharks: Claimed left wing Ryan Dzingel off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired goaltender Carter Hutton from the Arizona Coyotes for future considerations.

Feb 20, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Jet Greaves to a three-year contract.

Feb 19, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired left wing Nick Ritchie and a conditional second-round pick in the 2025 NHL Draft (or a third-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft) from the Toronto Maple Leafs for left wing Ryan Dzingel and defenseman Ilya Lyubushkin. 
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Chad Ruhwedel to a two-year contract extension.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed left wing Gemel Smith off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.

Feb 18, 2022
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Dmitri Ovchinnikov to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed center Adam Brooks off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Feb 17, 2022
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Mac Hollowell to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 16, 2022
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed center Adam Brooks off waivers from the Vegas Golden Knights.

Feb 15, 2022
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Mark Borowiecki to a one-year contract extension.

Feb 14, 2022
Calgary Flames: Acquired right wing Tyler Toffoli from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Tyler Pitlick, left wing Emil Heineman, a conditional first-round pick in the 2022 NHL Draft (a first-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft if the 2022 pick is in the top 10; 26th overall, Canadiens selected Filip Mesar) and a conditional fifth-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft (a fourth-round pick in the 2024 NHL Draft if the first-round pick above is moved to 2023).

Feb 12, 2022
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired goaltender Andrew Hammond from the Minnesota Wild for left wing Brandon Baddock.

Feb 11, 2022
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Joseph Woll to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 10, 2022
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Brad Malone to a one-year contract.

Feb 9, 2022
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of goaltender Tuukka Rask.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Alexei Toropchenko to a one-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Claimed defenseman Dennis Cholowski off waivers from the Washington Capitals.

Feb 8, 2022
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Robert Bortuzzo to a two-year contract extension; signed center Logan Brown to a one-year contract extension.
Seattle Kraken: Claimed right wing Austin Czarnik off waivers from the New York Islanders.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Patrick Maroon to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 7, 2022
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Mack Guzda to a three-year contract.

Feb 1, 2022
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Alexei Lipanov from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Tye Felhaber.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Jimmy Huntington from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Anthony Richard.

Jan 31, 2022
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Jordan Greenway to a three-year contract extension.

Jan 30, 2022
Vegas Golden Knights: Signed defenseman Brayden McNabb and goaltender Logan Thompson to three-year contract extensions; signed center Michael Amadio to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 27, 2022
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Evander Kane to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Nick Holden to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 26, 2022
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Jeff Carter to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 22, 2022
Edmonton Oilers: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Tim Soderlund.

Jan 21, 2022
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Jalen Chatfield to a two-year contract extension.

Jan 19, 2022
Detroit Red Wings: Claimed center Gemel Smith off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Jan 17, 2022
Seattle Kraken: Claimed right wing Karson Kuhlman off waivers from the Boston Bruins.

Jan 14, 2022
Columbus Blue Jackets: Agreed on a mutual contract termination with center Gregory Hofmann.
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltender Evan Fitzpatrick to a one-year contract.

Jan 12, 2022
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Michael Houser to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed center Rem Pitlick off waivers from the Minnesota Wild.

Jan 11, 2022
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed center Lukas Elvenes off waivers from the Vegas Golden Knights.
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Tuukk Rask to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Jon Merrill to a three-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Nate Prosser.

Jan 9, 2022
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Jack Lafontaine to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Terminated the contract of left wing Evander Kane.

Jan 6, 2022
Arizona Coyotes: Claimed center Riley Nash off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Jan 5, 2022
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired right wing Alexander Nylander from the Chicago Blackhawks for center Sam Lafferty.

Jan 4, 2022
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Zane McIntyre to a one-year contract.