Dec 30, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Jerome Gauthier-Leduc to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Mike Weaver to a two-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Waived left wing Sean Avery.

Dec 29, 2011
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Stefan Noesen and left wing Matt Puempel, their first-round picks in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, to three-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Pierre-Cedric Labrie to a two-year contract.

Dec 21, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Michaël Bournival to a three-year contract.

Dec 20, 2011
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Bill Thomas to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Darryl Sutter head coach.

Dec 19, 2011
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Zack Phillips to a three-year contract.

Dec 17, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Fired head coach Jacques Martin, named Randy Cunneyworth interim head coach.

Dec 16, 2011
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Kyle Turris from the Phoenix Coyotes for defenseman David Rundblad and a second-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia via Columbus) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 13, 2011
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed right wing Antti Miettinen off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Dec 12, 2011
Los Angeles Kings: Fired head coach Terry Murray, named John Stevens head coach.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Kurtis Foster and goaltender Timo Pielmeier from the Anaheim Ducks for center Rod Pelley, defenseman Mark Fraser and a seventh-round pick (210th overall, Ducks selected Jaycob Megna) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft. 
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Antti Miettinen, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract.

Dec 9, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Tomas Kaberle from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Jaroslav Spacek.

Dec 8, 2011
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Dougie Hamilton to a three-year contract.

Dec 7, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Craig Patrick senior advisor of hockey operations.
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing Jake Hauswirth and a fifth-round pick (144th overall, Stars selected Henri Kiviaho) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for right wing Krys Barch and a sixth-round pick (later traded to Nashville) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 6, 2011
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed center Ben Maxwell off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.

Dec 5, 2011
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Michael Ferland to a three-year contract.

Dec 2, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Named Bob Woods assistant coach.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Rob Klinkhammer from the Chicago Blackhawks for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defensemen Evan Oberg and Mike Kostka from the Florida Panthers for center James Wright and defenseman Mike Vernace.

Dec 1, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Fired head coach Randy Carlyle and assistant coaches Dave Farrish and Mike Foligno; named Bruce Boudreau head coach and Brad Lauer assistant coach.
Boston Bruins: Signed center David Krejci to a three-year contract extension.
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of right wing Mike Grier.

Nov 30, 2011
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Victor Hedman to a five-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Named Jim Johnson assistant coach.

Nov 29, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Joe Finley to a multi-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Claimed right wing Andreas Nodl off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.

Nov 28, 2011
Carolina Hurricanes: Fired head coach Paul Maurice, named Kirk Muller head coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Dana Tyrell to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Fired head coach Bruce Boudreau, named Dale Hunter head coach.

Nov 25, 2011
Calgary Flames: Claimed right wing Blake Comeau off waivers from the New York Islanders.

Nov 22, 2011
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Kyle Turris to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Stuart Percy to a three-year contract.

Nov 16, 2011
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Kris Fredheim.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Brendan Gallagher to a three-year contract.

Nov 14, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed left wing Niklas Hagman off waivers from the Calgary Flames.

Nov 11, 2011
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Kris Russell from the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Nikita Nikitin.

Nov 10, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Claimed center Ben Maxwell off waivers from the Winnipeg Jets.

Nov 9, 2011
Edmonton Oilers: Claimed defenseman Taylor Chorney off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Braydon Coburn to a four-year contract extension.

Nov 8, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Mark Letestu from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fourth-round pick (92nd overall, Penguins selected Matia Marcantuoni) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Francois Bouchard from the Washington Capitals for defenseman Tomas Kundratek.

Nov 5, 2011
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Antron Stralman, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.

Nov 3, 2011
Nashville Predators: Re-signed goaltender Pekka Rinne to a seven-year contract.

Nov 2, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Jarred Tinordi to a three-year contract.

Oct 31, 2011
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Niklas Kronwall to a seven-year contract extension.

Oct 29, 2011
Detroit Red Wings: Waived left wing Fabian Brunnstrom.
Phoenix Coyotes: Claimed center Brett McLean off waivers from the Winnipeg Jets.

Oct 28, 2011
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Cal O'Reilly from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick (118th overall, Predators selected Mikko Vainonen) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 26, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Fired assistant coach Perry Pearn.
New Jersey Devils: Claimed center Ryan Carter off waivers from the Florida Panthers.

Oct 23, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Petteri Nokelainen and defenseman Garrett Stafford from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Brock Trotter and a seventh-round pick (184th overall, Coyotes selected Marek Langhamer) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 22, 2011
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired left wing David Booth, center Steve Reinprecht and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 85th overall, Canucks selected Cole Cassels) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for right wing Mikael Samuelsson and left wing Marco Sturm.

Oct 20, 2011
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Victor Rask to a three-year contract.

Oct 13, 2011
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Chris Kunitz to a two-year contract extension.

Oct 12, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Troy Bodie to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired left wing Eric Nystrom from the Minnesota Wild for future considerations.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired right wing Stefan Legein and a sixth-round pick (171st overall, Kings selected Tomas Hyka) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft from the Philadelphia Flyers for future considerations; signed center Robert Czarnik and left wing Andy Andreoff to three-year contracts.

Oct 11, 2011
Boston Bruins: Signed center Rich Peverley to a three-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Claimed right wing Brian McGrattan off waivers from the Anaheim Ducks.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed defenseman Taylor Chorney off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers.

Oct 10, 2011
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Ondrej Palat to a three-year contract.

Oct 9, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Kyle Cumiskey from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Jake Newton and a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 8, 2011
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Ryan Martindale to a three-year contract.

Oct 7, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Riley Boychuk and right wing Jonathan Parker to three-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Joe Callahan to a one-year contract.

Oct 6, 2011
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Jamie Oleksiak to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Claimed defenseman Jeff Woywitka off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Martin Hanzal to a five-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Claimed center Brett McLean off waivers from the Phoenix Coyotes.

Oct 5, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Claimed center Blair Betts off waivers from the Philadelphia Flyers.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Petr Sykora to one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing Paul Bissonnette to a two-year contract extension.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed goaltender David Aebischer.

Oct 4, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Matt MacKenzie to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed vice president-general manager Stan Bowman to a three-year contract extension; signed left wing Brandon Saad to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced an affiliation agreement with Kalamazoo of the ECHL.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Jay Pandolfo to a one-year contract; signed center Ryan Strome to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center David Steckel from the New Jersey Devils for a fourth-round pick (96th overall, Devils selected Ben Thomson) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed right wing Dale Weise off waivers from the New York Rangers.

Oct 3, 2011
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Ray Emery to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Fabian Brunnstrom to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed left wing Brad Winchester to a a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Mark Scheifele to a three-year contract.

Oct 1, 2011
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Scott Valentine to a three-year contract.

Sep 30, 2011
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Drew Doughty to an eight-year contract; signed right wing Trent Hunter to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Steve Staios to a one-year contract.

Sep 29, 2011
Minnesota Wild: Claimed right wing Nick Johnson off waivers from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Jason Chimera to a two-year contract.

Sep 26, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Chris Campoli, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract.

Sep 24, 2011
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Frank Corrado.

Sep 23, 2011
Dallas Stars: Signed center Mike Modano to a one-year contract and announced his retirement.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Turner Elson and defenseman James Martin.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Daniel Milan.

Sep 22, 2011
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed president and general manager Jim Rutherford to a four-year contract extension through the 2015-26 season.

Sep 21, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center R.J. Umberger to a five-year contract extension.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of center Mike Modano.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Sean Couturier to a three-year contract.

Sep 19, 2011
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Kevin Westgarth to a two-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Mark Stone to a three-year contract.

Sep 17, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Named Teppo Numminen assistant coach.

Sep 16, 2011
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Ryan Murphy to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Josh Bailey to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Luke Schenn to a five-year contract.

Sep 15, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Teemu Selanne to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Tyler Myers to a seven-year contract extension.
New York Islanders: Signed center John Tavares to a six-year contract extension.

Sep 14, 2011
Boston Bruins: Re-signed right wing Brad Marchand to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Mathieu Roy, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Extended their affiliation agreement with Elmira of the ECHL. 
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Blake Kessel.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed defenseman Zach Bogosian.

Sep 10, 2011
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Kyle Cumiskey to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of right wing Jason Bailey.
San Jose Sharks: Promoted Joe Will to assistant general manager.

Sep 9, 2011
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Andrew Bodnarchuk to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center David Toews from the New York Islanders for future considerations.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Shawn Matthias to a two-year contract.

Sep 8, 2011
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of center Cory Stillman.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired goaltender Marc Cheverie from the Florida Panthers for center Justin Bernhardt.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Richard Park, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Kyle Wellwood, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; announced an affiliation agreement with Colorado of the ECHL.

Sep 7, 2011
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Victor Oreskovich.

Sep 6, 2011
Edmonton Oilers: Announced the retirement of right wing Jesse Boulerice.

Sep 2, 2011
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of defenseman Shane Hnidy.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Brandon Segal, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.

Aug 31, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Named Chad Cassidy and Jay McKee assistant coaches of Rochester of the AHL.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Fedor Tyutin to a six-year contract extension.

Aug 30, 2011
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing James van Riemsdyk to a six-year contract extension.

Aug 29, 2011
Calgary Flames: Acquired right wing Lee Stempniak from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Daymond Langkow.

Aug 26, 2011
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Logan Couture to a two-year contract extension.

Aug 24, 2011
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Stanislav Galiev to a three-year contract.

Aug 22, 2011
Edmonton Oilers: Added Duane Sutter to the professional scouting staff.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Peter Harrold, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of center Dave Scatchard.

Aug 20, 2011
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Ethan Moreau, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.

Aug 19, 2011
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of center Chris Drury.

Aug 18, 2011
Dallas Stars: Extended their affiliation agreement with Idaho of the ECHL.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed right wing Mikkel Boedker to a two-year contract.

Aug 16, 2011
New York Rangers: Signed center Andre Deveaux.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced an affiliation agreement with Gwinnett of the ECHL.

Aug 15, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Jeff Woywitka to a one-year contract.

Aug 13, 2011
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Scott Hannan, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.

Aug 12, 2011
Ottawa Senators: Announced the retirement of defenseman Lee Sweatt.

Aug 11, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Marc-Andre Gragnani to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender David LeNeveu.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Karl Taylor assistant coach of Chicago of the AHL.

Aug 10, 2011
Nashville Predators: Bought out the contract of defenseman Brett Lebda.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Viktor Tikhonov to a one-year contract.

Aug 9, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Michael Ryan and center Paul Szczechura to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Ben Simon assistant coach of Rockford of the AHL.
Montreal Canadiens: Named Ron Wilson assistant coach of Hamilton of the AHL.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Brendan Bell.

Aug 8, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed head coach Randy Carlyle to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Dalton Smith to a three-year contract; signed left wing Ryan Russell to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Jack Hillen to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed right wing Sean Backman to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Danny Syvret to a one-year contract.

Aug 6, 2011
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center James Sheppard from the Minnesota Wild for a third-round pick (81st overall, Wild selected Kurtis Gabriel) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Aug 5, 2011
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Patrick O'Sullivan, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a one-year contract.

Aug 4, 2011
Calgary Flames: Named Luke Strand assistant coach of Abbotsford of the AHL.
Dallas Stars: Named Paul Jerrard assistant coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Conor Murphy, their first-round pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Owen Nolan and left wing Todd Fedoruk to professional tryout contracts.

Aug 3, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Named Kevyn Adams assistant coach.
Calgary Flames: Named Jordan Sigalet goaltending coach of Abbotsford of the AHL.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed center Patrick Sharp to a five-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Shea Weber to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Blake Comeau to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Kaspars Daugavins to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Joseph Morrow, their first-round pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Colin White, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.

Aug 2, 2011
New Jersey Devils: Bought out the contracts of defenseman Colin White and right wing Trent Hunter.

Aug 1, 2011
New Jersey Devils: Waived defenseman Colin White and right wing Trent Hunter.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Brent Burns to a five-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Craig MacTavish head coach of Chicago of the AHL.

Jul 30, 2011
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed center Zach Parise to a one-year contract.

Jul 29, 2011
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Tyler Sloan to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Named Dave Barr assistant coach.

Jul 28, 2011
Colorado Avalanche: Signed right wing Gabriel Landeskog and defenseman Duncan Siemens, their first-round picks in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, to three-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Signed center J.T. Miller, their first-round pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Jannik Hansen to a three-year contract.

Jul 27, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Named Ron Rolston head coach of Rochester of the AHL.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right wing Trent Hunter from the New York Islanders for left wing Brian Rolston and a conditional pick (???) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Re-signed right wing Ryan Callahan to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Justin Pogge, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.

Jul 26, 2011
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of center Kris Draper.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Craig Smith to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Jason Williams, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Scott Harrington to a three-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Ivan Telegin.

Jul 25, 2011
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Steve Eminger.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Byron Bitz, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.

Jul 23, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Vinny Prospal, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Josh Georges to a one-year contract.

Jul 22, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Named Randy Ladouceur and Randy Cunneyworth assistant coaches; named Clément Jodoin head coach of Hamilton of the AHL.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Mike Bales goaltender development coach.
Winnipeg Jets: Named Pascal Vincent assistant coach.

Jul 21, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed goaltender Jhonas Enroth to a multi-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender Jordan Pearce to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Named Cail MacLean assistant coach of Abbotsford of the AHL.
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Tim Wallace, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Brandon Dubinsky to a four-year contract.

Jul 20, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed center Mark Bell to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Jared Knight and center Ryan Spooner to three-year contracts; signed center Stefan Chaput to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the retirement of goaltender Patrick Lalime.
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Ted Dent head coach of Rockford of the AHL.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Ty Conklin, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Lauri Korpikoski to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed right wing Teddy Purcell to a two-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Named Mark Morrison assistant coach of St. John's of the AHL.

Jul 19, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed center Andrew Cogliano to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Mathieu Carle to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Andrej Sekera and center Matt Ellis to multi-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Raymond Sawada to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of goaltender Chris Osgood; named Osgood goaltending consultant.
New Jersey Devils: Named Peter DeBoer head coach.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Jason Bacashihua, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; re-signed center Jon Kalinski to a one-year contract; signed center Marcel Noebels to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed centers Brett McLean, Kyle Chipchura and Marc-Antoine Pouliot and right wing Mathieu Beaudoin to one-year contracts.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Andrew Murray, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Steven Stamkos to a five-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed right wing Joey Crabb to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Jason Jaffray, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.

Jul 18, 2011
Dallas Stars: Named Jeff Truit assistant coach of Texas of the AHL.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Ryan Reaves to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed right wings Blake Wheeler and Spencer Machacek, defensemen Brett Festerling and Arturs Kulda, centers Ben Maxwell and Riley Holzapfel, and left wing Kenndal McArdle.

Jul 16, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed left wing Patrick Maroon to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Dennis Persson and center Travis Turnbull to one-year contracts.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Eric Boulton, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract.

Jul 15, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Mathieu Carle from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Mark Mitera; signed center Nick Bonino to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed center Brendan Morrison to a one-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Chris Durno, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract; re-signed left wing Brett Sutter and defenseman Bobby Sanguinetti to one-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Michael Frolik to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Sami Lepisto, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Taylor Chorney and center Ryan O'Marra to one-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Erik Gudbranson to a three-year contract; signed center Bracken Kearns, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Trevor Lewis to a two-year contract; re-signed center Marc-Andre Cliche, left wings Rich Clune and David Meckler, defensemen Andrew Campbell and Patrick Mullen, and goaltender Jeff Zatkoff to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defensemen Jeff Penner, Justin Falk and Jarod Palmer and center Casey Wellman.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Frederic St-Denis to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Adam Larsson, their first-round pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Michael Haley, and defensemen Ty Wishart and Dylan Reese to one-year contracts.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Brian Boyle to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Scott Jackson.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Karl Alzner to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Francois Bouchard to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Named Charlie Huddy assistant coach; named Wade Flaherty goaltending coach; named Tony Borgford video coach.

Jul 14, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Matt Smaby, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Adam McQuaid to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Pierre-Luc Letourneau-Leblond from the New Jersey Devils for a fifth-round pick (135th overall, Devils selected Graham Black) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; signed center Max Reinhart to a three-year contract; re-signed defenseman Brendan Mikkelson to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Cam Janssen, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed center Jeremy Colliton to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Tye Mcginn to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Bobby Butler to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Darryl Boyce to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Mike Duco.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Jacob Micflikier to a one-year contract; renewed their affiliation agreement with South Carolina of the ECHL.
Winnipeg Jets: Named Keith McCambridge head coach of St. John's of the AHL.

Jul 13, 2011
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Brandon Sutter to a three-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing T.J. Galiardi to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Shane O'Brien, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Cody Bass, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract; announced an affiliation agreement with Chicago of the ECHL.
Dallas Stars: Named Jeff Pyle head coach of Texas of the AHL.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed center Brad Richardson to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Ryan White to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Mika Zibanejad to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Steve MacIntyre and goaltender Scott Munroe to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Jonathan Cheechoo to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Mathieu Perreault to a one-year contract.

Jul 12, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired center Andrew Cogliano from the Edmonton Oilers for a second-round pick (56th overall, Oilers selected Marc-Olivier Roy) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft; named Brad Lauer and Marty Wilford assistant coaches of Syracuse of the AHL.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Derek Smith, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Dane Byers, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Eric Godard, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Tyson Strachan, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Jonas Brodin to a three-year contract; named Kirk Olson strength and conditioning coach.
New York Islanders: Named Eric Boguniecki assistant coach of Bridgeport of the AHL.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named John Anderson assistant coach.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Dustin Jeffrey to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Mike Zigomanis to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Named Olaf Kolzig associate coach.

Jul 11, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Re-signed right wing Dan Sexton to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Alec Richards to a two-year contract; re-signed left wing Rob Klinkhammer to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Dane Byers and center Martin St. Pierre to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed goaltender Joey MacDonald to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Promoted Jeff Gorton to assistant general manager and Kevin Maxwell to director of professional scouting.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Lee Sweatt, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Tim Conboy, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Christian Hanson, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.

Jul 10, 2011
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wing Viktor Stalberg to a two-year contract.

Jul 9, 2011
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Jordan Henry from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Keith Seabrook; signed Hendry to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Kevin Porter and defenseman Ryan Wilson to one-year contracts; signed left wing Patrick Rissmiller, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Mike Lundin, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Brodie Dupont to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Benn Ferriero to a one-year contract; signed center Ben Guite to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Mike Duco from the Florida Panthers for left wing Sergei Shirokov.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired left wing Kenndal McArdle from the Florida Panthers for center Angelo Esposito.

Jul 8, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Jeff Deslauriers, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a two-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defensemen Brett Bellemore and Derek Joselin to two-year contracts.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Cedrick Desjardins and Evan Brophey, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning and Chicago Blackhawks, to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Named Jeff Blashill and Bill Peters assistant coaches.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Alec Martinez to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Sergei Kostitsyn to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Michael Sauer and center Artem Anisimov to two-year contracts.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Mark Parrish and goaltender Mike McKenna, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres and New Jersey Devils, to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Alexandre Picard, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired right wing Eric Fehr from the Washington Capitals for right wing Danick Paquette and a fourth-round pick (100th overall, Capitals selected Thomas di Pauli) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 7, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Brian McGrattan to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Drew MacIntyre and left wings Colin Stuart and Derek Whitmore to one-year contracts.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Ryan Russell from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Mike Blunden.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Chris Conner, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Named Craig Ramsay assistant coach; re-signed center Mike Santorelli to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Brian Willsie, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Matt Halischuk and center Nick Spaling to two-year contracts; re-signed centers Chris Mueller and Cal O'Reilly to one-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Wayne Simmonds to a two-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Promoted Sean Burke to director of player development and goaltending coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Ryan Shannon, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Philippe Dupuis, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Matt Lashoff to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Matt Climie, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Alexander Sulzer.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed left wing Jason Gregoire.

Jul 6, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed left wing Jean-Francois Jacques, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Leland Irving.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Radek Martinek, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed left wing Colton Gillies to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Erik Condra to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defensemen Nathan Oystrick and Dean Arsene, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to one-year contracts; signed right wing Matt Watkins to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed goaltender Thomas Greiss to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Matt Pelech to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Sean Sullivan to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Jason Arnott, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Jamie Langenbrunner, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Tom Pyatt, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Troy Brouwer to a two-year contract.

Jul 5, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Bryan Rodney, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Joe Corvo from the Carolina Hurricanes for a fourth-round pick (115th overall, Hurricanes selected Trevor Carrick) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; signed right wing Jamie Tardif to a two-year contract; signed center Josh Hennessy to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Sven Baertschi, their first-round pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Tomas Kaberle, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Aaron Johnson to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Marc Methot to a four-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defensemen Logan Pyett and Garnet Exelby to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Jeff Taffe, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract; named John Torchetti head coach of Houston of the AHL.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed goaltender Peter Delmas to a three-year contract; signed goaltender Nathan Lawson, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Kyle Wilson, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract; signed center Zack Stortini, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Trevor Frischmon, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Zenon Konopka, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Keith Yandle to a five-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed goaltender Brad Thiessen to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Alexandre Picard to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Scott Nichol, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; re-signed goaltender Ben Bishop to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Trevor Smith, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed centers Clarke MacArthur and Tyler Bozak to  two-year contracts.
Winnipeg Jets: Re-signed left wing Andrew Ladd to a five-year contract.

Jul 4, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Mike Weber to a multi-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Anton Babchuk to a two-year contract; signed right wing Guillaume Desbiens, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed left wing Alexandre Giroux, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Theo Peckham to a one-year contract; signed center Ryan Keller to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed center Brock Trotter to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Curtis McElhinney and defenseman Tyler Eckford, who had been with the Ottawa Senators and New Jersey Devls, to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing Brett Sterling, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defensemen Danny Richmond, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Aaron Gagnon, who had been with the Dallas Stars; signed defenseman Mark Flood, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.

Jul 3, 2011
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Josh Green, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Dany Heatley from the San Jose Sharks for right wing Martin Havlat.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Niclas Bergfors, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Boris Valabik, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Matthew Lombardi and defenseman Cody Franson from the Nashville Predators for defenseman Brett Lebda and left wing Robert Slaney.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wing Steven Pinizzotto, who had been with the Washington Capitals.

Jul 2, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Andrew Gordon, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed center Ben Walter, right wing Jon Rheault and defenseman Clay Wilson.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Anthony Stewart, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Justin Soryal, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed goaltender Semyon Varlamov to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Ian White, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Ryan Nugent-Hopkins to a three-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Matt Bradley to a two-year contract; signed center Greg Rallo to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Simon Gagne, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Brodie Dupont from the New York Rangers for center Andreas Thuresson.
New York Rangers: Signed center Brad Richards, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a nine-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Alexandre Bolduc to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Kent Huskins, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Matt Gilroy, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Richard Petiot to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Tim Connolly, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Nolan Baumgartner.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Tomas Vokoun, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Chris Bourque to a one-year contract.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed center Rick Rypien, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Randy Jones, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.

Jul 1, 2011
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Benoit Pouliot, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Trent Whitfield and goaltender Anton Khudobin to two-year contracts.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Ville Leino, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a six-year contract; re-signed center Cody McCormick to a multi-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defensemen Chris Butler and Joe Piskula and left wing Carter Bancks to two-year contracts; re-signed left wing Quintin Laing.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Tim Brent, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Brian Boucher, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Alexei Ponikarovsky, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Jiri Tlusty to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed right wing Jamal Mayers, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract; signed left wings Andrew Brunette and Daniel Carcillo, who had been with the Minnesota Wild and Philadelphia Flyers, to one-year contracts; signed defenseman Sean O'Donnell, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract; signed center Brett McLean to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Semyon Varlamov from the Washington Capitals for a first-round pick (11th overall, Capitals selected Filip Forsberg) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Boston via Toronto, later traded to Dallas) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; signed goaltender Jean-Sebastien Giguere, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Chuck Kobasew, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Jan Hejda, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a four-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman James Wisniewski to a six-year contract; signed goaltenders Curtis Sanford and Mark Dekanich, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens and Nashville Predators, to one-year contracts; signed center Andrew Joudrey, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract; signed center Nicholas Drazenovic, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Dalton Prout to a three-year contract; bought out the last two years of the contract of defenseman Mike Commodore.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Vernon Fiddler, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Adam Pardy, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Michael Ryder, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Radek Dvorak, who had been with the Winnipeg Jets, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Sheldon Souray, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; signed center Jake Dowell, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to a one-year contract; signed defenseman Jordie Benn and center Ryan Garbutt to one-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Mike Commodore, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Patrick Eaves and defenseman Jonathan Ericsson to three-year contracts; re-signed left wing Drew Miller to a two-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Andy Sutton from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Kurtis Foster; signed center Eric Belanger, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a three-year contract; signed left wing Ben Eager, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a three-year contract; signed defensemen Cam Barker and Corey Potter, who had been with the Minnesota Wild and Pittsburgh Penguins, to one-year contracts; signed left wing Darcy Hordichuk, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Kris Versteeg from the Philadelphia Flyers for a second-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 78th overall, Flyers selected Shayne Gostisbehere) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Scottie Upshall and Sean Bergenheim, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets and Tampa Bay Lightning, to four-year contracts; signed right wing Tomas Fleischmann, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a four-year contract; signed defenseman Ed Jovanovski, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a four-year contract; signed center Marcel Goc, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a three-year contract; signed defenseman Nolan Yonkman, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Jose Theodore, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Josh Harding to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Drew Bagnall and center Jed Ortmeyer. Signed defenseman Kyle Medvec. 
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Erik Cole, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Peter Budaj, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed goaltender Johan Hedberg and defenseman Andy Greene. 
New York Islanders: Signed center Marty Reasoner, who had been with the Florida Panthers, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Kirill Kabanov.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Mike Rupp, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a three-year contract; re-signed left wing Ruslan Fedotenko.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Alex Auld, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Francis Lessard to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Jaromir Jagr; signed left wing Maxime Talbot, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a five-year contract; signed defenseman Andreas Lilja, who had been with the Anaheim Ducks, to a one-year contract; re-signed right wing Jakub Voracek.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Mike Smith, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a two-year contract; signed left wing Raffi Torres, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Boyd Gordon, who had been with the Washington Capitals, to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Radim Vrbata to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Steve Sullivan, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Colin McDonald, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Tyler Kennedy to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Brian Elliott, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, to a two-year contract; re-signed right wing Matt D'Agostini to a two-year contract; signed right wings Cody Beach and Adam Cracknell.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Michal Handzus, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to two-year contract; signed defenseman Jim Vandermeer, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Mathieu Garon, who had been with the Columbus Blue Jackets, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Brett Connolly to a three-year contract; signed right wing Michel Ouellet and J.T. Wyman to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed right wings Marco Sturm and Mark Mancari, who had been with the Washington Capitals and Buffalo Sabres, to one-year contracts; signed left wing Andrew Ebbett, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, to a one-year contract; re-signed center Christopher Higgins to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Sami Salo to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Joel Ward, who had been with the Nashville Predators, to a four-year contract; signed defenseman Roman Hamrlik, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a two-year contract; signed right wing Ryan Potulny, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a two-year contract; signed center Jeff Halpern, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens, to a one-year contract; re-signed defenseman Sean Collins to a one-year contract; signed right wing Matthew Ford.
Winnipeg Jets: Signed defenseman Derek Meech, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract; signed left wing Tanner Glass, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.

Jun 30, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Christian Ehrhoff to a ten-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Named Troy Ward head coach of Abbotsford of the AHL.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Jussi Jokinen to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Steve Montador to a four-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Ryan O'Byrne to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Named Darryl Sydor assistant coach; waived defenseman Cam Barker.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Ladislav Smid to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Bought out the contract of right wing J.P. Dumont.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center John Mitchell.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Jamie McGinn and left wing Frazer McLaren to one-year contracts.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center T.J. Oshie to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed goaltender Dwayne Roloson to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed goaltender Ben Scrivens and left wing Jay Rosehill to one-year contracts.

Jun 29, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Announced the retirement of center Todd Marchant and named him director of player development.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Christian Ehrhoff from the New York Islanders for a fourth-round pick (103rd overall, Islanders selected Loic Leduc) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed left wing Nathan Gerbe to a multi-year contract.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Chad LaRose to a two-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Steve Montador from the Buffalo Sabres for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Florida; 204th overall, Sabres selected Judd Peterson) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; extended their affiliation agreement with Toledo of the ECHL for the 2011-12 season.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing David Jones to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman James Wisniewski from the Montreal Canadiens for a conditional seventh-round pick (will become a fifth-round pick if the Blue Jackets sign Wisniewski prior to the 2011-12 season, condition fulfilled on Jul 1, 2011; 122nd overall, Canadiens selected Charles Hudon) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed right wing Mike Blunden to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed center Tomas Kopecky to a four-year contract; announced an affiliation agreement with San Antonio of the AHL.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Yannick Weber to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Bought out the contract of center Chris Drury.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Arron Asham to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of left wing Paul Kariya.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Adam Hall to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Luca Caputi to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Maxim Lapierre and defenseman Andrew Alberts to two-year contracts.

Jun 28, 2011
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Patrick Dwyer to a two-year contract; re-signed defenseman Joni Pitkanen to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Brad Lukowich to a one-year contract; named Paul Jerrard assistant coach.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Christian Ehrhoff from the Vancouver Canucks for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Columbus) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed left wing Pascal Dupuis to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Marc-Andre Bergeron to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Brooks Laich to a six-year contract.

Jun 27, 2011
Calgary Flames: Named John Weisbrod assistant general manager/player personnel.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Tomas Kopecky from the Chicago Blackhawks for a conditional seventh-round pick (depending on availability through an earlier transaction) in the 2012 or 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center Darroll Powe from the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick (later traded to Pittsburgh via Dallas) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Named Kirk Muller head coach of Milwaukee of the AHL.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Tomas Marcinko to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Dale Weise to a contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Andreas Nodl and left wing Tom Sestito. 
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced a multi-year affiliation agreement with Portland of the AHL.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Andrew Desjardins and goaltender Alex Stalock to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Bruno Gervais to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Kevin Bieksa to a five-year contract; announced a two-year affiliation agreement with Chicago of the AHL.

Jun 26, 2011
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Ryan Smyth from the Los Angeles Kings for center Colin Fraser and a seventh-round pick (later traded to Dallas) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 25, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired a sixth-round pick (160th overall, Ducks selected Josh Manson) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a sixth-round pick (157th overall, Maple Leafs selected Ryan Rupert) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Boston Bruins: Named Bruce Cassidy head coach of Providence of the AHL.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Chris Butler and center Paul Byron from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Robyn Regehr, right wing Ales Kotalik and a second-round pick (44th overall, Sabres selected Jake McCabe) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed left wing Alex Tanguay to a five-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired a third-round pick (82nd overall, Kings selected Nicholas Shore) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a sixth-round pick (170th overall, Predators selected Chasen Balisy) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 66th overall, Predators selected Jimmy Vesey) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired a second-round pick (60th overall, Wild selected Mario Lucia) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for a third- and fourth-round picks (71st and 101st overall, Canucks selected David Honzik and Joseph Labate) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired a sixth-round pick (172nd overall, Rangers selected Peter Ceresnak) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Nashville Predators for a sixth-round pick (179th overall, Predators selected Marek Mazanec) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Nikita Filatov from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a third-round pick (66th overall, Blue Jackets selected Thomas Tynan) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Marc-Antoine Pouliot from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick (201st overall, Lightning selected Matthew Peca) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal; 47th overall, Sharks selected Matthew Nieto) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for a second-round pick (59th overall, Panthers selected Rasmus Bengtson) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Evgeny Grachev from the New York Rangers for a third-round pick (72nd overall, Rangers selected Steven Fogarty) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Bruno Gervais from the New York Islanders for future considerations.
Winnipeg Jets: Acquired a third-round pick (78th overall, Jets selected Brennan Serville) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Montreal Canadiens for two fourth-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Montreal; 97th and 108th overall, Canadiens selected Josiah Didier and Olivier Archambault) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a fourth-round pick (119th overall, Jets selected Zachary Yuen) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for fifth- and seventh-round picks (the former previously acquired from Carolina via Florida, the latter previously acquired from Calgary; 133rd and 194th overall, Sharks selected Sean Kuraly and Colin Blackwell) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 24, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Announced the extension of their affiliation agreement with Rochester of the AHL.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Rostislav Olesz from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Brian Campbell.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired a first-round pick (24th overall, Senators selected Matt Puempel) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Detroit Red Wings for two second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Chicago; 35th and 48th overall, Red Wings selected Tomas Jurco and Xavier Ouellet) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Brent Burns and a second-round pick (later traded to Nashville via Tampa Bay) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft from the Minnesota Wild for right wing Devin Setoguchi, center Charlie Coyle and a first-round pick (28th overall, Wild selected Zack Phillips) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Eric Brewer to a four-year contract; re-signed center Blair Jones to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman John-Michael Liles from the Colorado Avalanche for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Boston, later traded to Dallas via Colorado and Washington) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a first-round pick (22th overall, Maple Leafs selected Tyler Biggs) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Ducks for first- and second-round picks (the former previously acquired from Boston; 30th and 39th overall, Ducks selected Rickard Rakell and John Gibson) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; added Rick Dudley to the management team.
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Troy Brouwer from the Chicago Blackhawks for a first-round pick (26th overall, Blackhawks selected Phillip Danault) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Winnipeg Jets: Named Claude Noel head coach.

Jun 23, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Jeff Carter from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Jakub Voracek and first- and third-round picks (8th and 68th overall, Flyers selected Sean Couturier and Nick Cousins) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired centers Mike Richards and Rob Bordson from the Philadelphia Flyers for center Brayden Schenn, right wing Wayne Simmonds and a second-round pick (later traded to Dallas) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Andrei Markov to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Named Dave Cameron and Mark Reeds assistant coaches.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov to a nine-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Devon Setoguchi to a three-year contract extension.

Jun 22, 2011
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed defenseman Jay Leach.
St. Louis Blues:  Signed right wing B.J. Crombeen to a two-year contract extension; named Tim Taylor director of player development.

Jun 20, 2011
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender Henrik Karlsson to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Nick Holden to a one-year contract; named Todd Richards assistant coach.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Tim Kennedy to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Nate Prosser to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Max Pacioretty to a two-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Fired assistant coaches Keith Acton and Tim Hunter; named Scott Gordon and Greg Cronin assistant coaches.

Jun 17, 2011
Calgary Flames: Named Clint Malarchuk goaltender coach.
Dallas Stars: Named Glen Gulutzan head coach and signed him to a two-year contract with a club option for a third season.
Minnesota Wild: Named Mike Yeo head coach.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Trevor Gillies to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed center Chad Kolarik.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Dany Sabourin to a one-year contract.

Jun 16, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Sean Zimmerman to a one-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Jay Harrison to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Promoted Adam Deadmarsh to assistant coach; named Tim Army assistant coach in charge of video.
Dallas Stars: Signed goaltender Richard Bachman and defenseman Dan Spang to one-year contracts.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired center David McIntyre from the New Jersey Devils for defenseman Maxim Noreau.
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Juuso Puustinen to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed right wing Sebastian Wannstrom.
Washington Capitals: Named Olie Kolzig associate goaltender coach; announced that Dave Prior will return to his role as director of goaltending and NHL goaltender coach.

Jun 15, 2011
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed senior advisor of hockey operations Scotty Bowman to a contract extension; promoted Marc Bergevin to assistant general manager; promoted Norm Maciver to director of player personnel and Kyle Davidson to hockey administration coordinator.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Joakim Lindstrom to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Lennart Petrell to a one-year contract; signed right wing Antti Tyrvainen to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Teemu Laaksoto a one-year contract; named Peter Horachek associate coach.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Vladimir Sobotka to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Mike Angelidis to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Patrick McNeill to a two-year contract.

Jun 14, 2011
Ottawa Senators: Named Paul MacLean head coach and signed him to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Carl Gunnarsson to a two-year contract.

Jun 13, 2011
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Jim Playfair associate coach and signed him to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Ryan Craig to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Chris Porter to a one-year contract.

Jun 10, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Grant Clitsome to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Mathieu Darche to a one-year contract.

Jun 9, 2011
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Brett Carson to a two-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Travis Morin to a two-year contract; re-signed center Colton Sceviour to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Craig Adams to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed left wing Andrei Kostitsyn to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Named Lane Lambert assistant coach; re-signed goaltending coach Mitch Korn.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Nikita Nikitin to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed goaltender James Reimer to a three-year contract.

Jun 8, 2011
Pittsburgh Penguins: Named Bill Guerin player development coach.

Jun 7, 2011
Carolina Hurricanes: Named Rod Brind'Amour and Dave Lewis assistant coaches, Ron Francis director of hockey operations and Tom Rowe professional scout.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced the contracts of assistant general manager Don Boyd and director of professional scouting Bob Strumm will not be renewed.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov from the Phoenix Coyotes for right wing Matt Clackson, a conditional third-round pick (if Philadelphia signs Bryzgalov before the start of the third round of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; previously acquired from Pittsburgh; 84th overall, Coyotes selected Harrison Ruopp) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to Pittsburgh) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed assistant coaches Tony Granato, Todd Reirden and Gilles Meloche to multi-year contracts.

Jun 6, 2011
Calgary Flames: Named Craig Hartsburg associate coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Ian Clark goaltending coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Jason LaBarbera to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center T.J. Hensick to a two-year contract.

Jun 5, 2011
Atlanta Thrashers: Announced that relocated team will not retain general manager Rick Dudley.

Jun 4, 2011
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Nick Johnson to a one-year contract.

Jun 3, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Drew Stafford to a multi-year contract.

Jun 2, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Mark Pysyk to a three-year contract; announced the contract of associate coach Brian McCutcheon will not be renewed.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Brandon Burlon to a three-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Blake Parlett.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Justin Weller to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Roman Polak to a five-year contract extension.
Washington Capitals: Acquired left wing Taylor Stefishen from the Nashville Predators for a conditional pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 1, 2011
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Mattias Lindstrom and defenseman Tommi Kivisto to three-year contracts.
Chicago Blackhawks: Added the title of chief executive officer to team president John McDonough; re-signed general manager Mark Bernard, head coach Bill Peters and assistant coaches Ted Dent and Steve Poapst of Rockford in the AHL.
Florida Panthers: Named Kevin Dineen head coach.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Hal Gill to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Tim Erixon and a fifth-round pick (134th overall, Rangers selected Shane McColgan) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for left wing Roman Horak and two second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Washington via Carolina; 45th and 57th overall, Flames selected Markus Granlund and Tyler Wotherspoon) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; signed Erixon to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Jordan Szwarz and goaltender Louis Domingue.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Mattias Sjogren to a two-year contract.

May 31, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Sami Vatanen to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Alexander Salak to a two-year contract and centers Byron Froese and David Gilbert to three-year contracts.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Andrej Nestrasil to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed head amateur scout Stu MacGregor to a three-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Re-signed right wing Jack Skille to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Roman Derlyuk to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Nicolas Deslauriers to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed center Casey Cizikas.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Patrik Berglund to a two-year contract.

May 30, 2011
Ottawa Senators: Signed center/left wing Louie Caporusso to a two-year contract and left wing Jakob Silfverberg to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Steven Anthony.

May 29, 2011
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed right wing Ryan Jones to a two-year contract.

May 27, 2011
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Adam Almqvist to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Kris Foucault to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Anders Nilsson to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Freddie Hamilton.

May 26, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Joonas Nattinen to a three-year.
New York Islanders: Announced the retirement of center Doug Weight who will become an assistant coach and special assistant to the general manager.
St. Louis Blues: Signed assistant coaches Brad Shaw, Ray Bennett, Corey Hirsch and Scott Masters to contract extensions.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Kenny Ryan to a three-year contract.

May 25, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Signed left wing Marcus Foligno to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced the retirement of defenseman Brian Rafalski.
New York Islanders: Re-signed right wing Kyle Okposo to a five-year contract.

May 24, 2011
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Johan Larsson to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Victor Bartley to a two-year contract.

May 20, 2011
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Scott Stajcer.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Petteri Nokelainen to a one-year contract.

May 19, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed right wing Emerson Etem to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of left wing Fredrik Modin.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed goaltender Corey Crawford to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Announced that assistant coach Brad McCrimmon will not return next season.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Christian Thomas to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Zack Smith to a two-year contract and left wing Colin Greening to a three-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Ethan Werek.

May 18, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Brayden McNabb to a three-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced the resignation of assistant coach Bob Boughner.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Zach Miskovic.

May 17, 2011
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced the resignation of Ron Francis as associate head coach to concentrate on his position as director of player personnel.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Alexsey Emelin to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Niko Hovinen.

May 16, 2011
Calgary Flames: Promoted Jay Feaster to general manager; re-signed center Curtis Glencross to a four-year contract; signed special assistant to the general manager Craig Conroy to a four-year contract extension.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman John Klingberg to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Zach Sill to a two-year contract.

May 13, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Raphael Diaz to a one-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Michael Grabner to a five-year contract.

May 12, 2011
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Jason Wilson.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Richard Panik to a three-year contract.

May 11, 2011
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed right wing Milan Hejduk to a one-year contract through the 2011-12 season.

May 8, 2011
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Ethan Werek from the New York Rangers for center Oscar Lindberg.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Kyle Hagel to a one-year contract.

Apr 29, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Signed head coach Lindy Ruff to a multi-year contract extension.

Apr 28, 2011
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Mark Owuya.

Apr 26, 2011
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Keaton Ellerby to one-year contract.

Apr 22, 2011
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Brett Hextall.

Apr 21, 2011
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Brett Bulmer to a three-year contract.

Apr 20, 2011
New York Islanders: Signed left wing Tyler McNeely to a one-year contract.

Apr 19, 2011
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Justin Fontaine to a two-year contract.

Apr 18, 2011
New Jersey Devils: Signed goaltender Keith Kinkaid.

Apr 17, 2011
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Tyler Randell.

Apr 15, 2011
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Justin Faulk to a three-year contract.

Apr 12, 2011
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Justin Krueger to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Fired head coach Marc Crawford.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Chay Genoway.
New York Islanders: Promoted interim head coach Jack Capuano to head coach.

Apr 11, 2011
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Joe Lavin to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Fired head coach Todd Richards.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Mike Knuble to a one-year contract extension.

Apr 10, 2011
Florida Panthers: Fired head coach Peter DeBoer.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of head coach Jacques Lemaire.

Apr 9, 2011
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Shane Sims.
Ottawa Senators: Fired head coach Cory Clouston and assistant coaches Greg Carvel and Brad Lauer.

Apr 8, 2011
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Jamie Doornbosch.
Ottawa Senators: Signed general manager Bryan Murray to a three-year contract extension; signed center Pat Cannone to a one-year contract; signed right wing Andre Petersson to a three-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wing Matt Frattin to a two-year contract.

Apr 7, 2011
Boston Bruins: Signed center Carter Camper.
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of defenseman Adam Foote.

Apr 6, 2011
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Mark Visentin.

Apr 5, 2011
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Zach Redmond.
Philadelphia Flyers: Placed goaltender Michael Leighton on re-entry waivers.

Apr 2, 2011
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Andy Miele.

Mar 31, 2011
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Stephane Da Costa to a two-year contract.

Mar 30, 2011
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Jimmy Hayes to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Olivier Roy to a three-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Austin Watson to a three-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Matt Donovan.

Mar 29, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed goaltender Allen York to a two-year contract.
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Al Montoya to a one-year contract extension.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Tommy Grant.

Mar 28, 2011
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Paul Thompson to a two-year contract.

Mar 27, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Cam Atkinson to a two-year contract.

Mar 25, 2011
Colorado Avalanche: Named Joe Sakic executive adviser.

Mar 24, 2011
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Jason Missiaen.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman David Shields.

Mar 22, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Joe Stejskal to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed goaltender Pat Nagle to a two-year contract.

Mar 21, 2011
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Craig Anderson to a four-year contract extension through the 2014-15 season.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Tyler Brenner to a two-year contract.

Mar 19, 2011
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Mike Hoeffel and defenseman Joe Sova.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Garrett Mitchell to a three-year contract.

Mar 17, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Anton Blomqvist to a three-year contract.

Mar 16, 2011
New York Islanders: Signed defenseman Anton Blomqvist to a three-year contract.

Mar 14, 2011
Ottawa Senators: Named Peter Ambroziak head of hockey development.

Mar 11, 2011
Minnesota Wild: Signed goaltender Dennis Endras.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Mark Borowiecki to a two-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing James Livingston.
St. Louis Blues: Released right wing Jim McKenzie and left wing Blair Riley.

Mar 10, 2011
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Derek Grant.

Mar 9, 2011
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed head coach Dan Bylsma to a three-year contract extension through the 2013-14 season.

Mar 8, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed defenseman Luca Sbisa to a four-year contract extension.
Nashville Predators: Announced the retirement of defenseman Wade Belak.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Wacey Hamilton to a three-year contract.

Mar 7, 2011
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Tyler Johnson to a three-year contract.

Mar 4, 2011
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Sena Acolatse.

Mar 2, 2011
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Dmitry Orlov to a three-year contract.

Mar 1, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired right wing Petr Kalus from the Minnesota Wild for future considerations.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Brenden Dillon to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Antti Niemi to a four-year contract extension.

Feb 28, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired left wing Brad Winchester from the St. Louis Blues for a third-round pick (67th overall, Blues selected Mackenzie MacEachern) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Joel Perrault and a third-round pick (87th overall, Ducks selected Frederik Andersen) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for centers Maxim Lapierre and MacGregor Sharp; claimed center Rob Schremp off waivers from the New York Islanders.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired right wing Radek Dvorak and a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Carolina, later traded to San Jose; 133rd overall) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for right wing Niclas Bergfors and left wing Patrick Rissmiller.
Boston Bruins: Acquired goaltender Anton Khudobin from the Minnesota Wild for defenseman Jeff Penner and right wing Mikko Lehtonen.
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Fredrik Modin from the Atlanta Thrashers for a seventh-round pick (later traded to Winnipeg; 194th overall) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; claimed defenseman Brett Carson off waivers from the Carolina Hurricanes.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Chris Campoli and a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft from the Ottawa Senators for center Ryan Potulny and a conditional second-round pick (Chicago has until 48 hours before the start of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft to determine if they send their own or one of the picks previously acquired from Atlanta or Calgary; later traded to Detroit; 48th overall) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Jimmy Howard to a two-year contract extension.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Kevin Montgomery from the Colorado Avalanche for defenseman Shawn Belle.
Florida Panthers: Acquired left wing Sergei Samsonov from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Bryan Allen.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Dustin Penner from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Colten Teubert, a first-round pick (19th overall, Oilers selected Oscar Klefbom) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional second-/third-round pick (91st overall, Oilers selected Daniil Zharkov) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; signed right wing Justin Williams to a four-year contract extension.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired goaltender Drew MacIntyre from the Atlanta Thrashers for defenseman Brett Festerling.
New York Rangers: Acquired center John Mitchell from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a seventh-round pick (209th overall, Maple Leafs selected Viktor Loov) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Ottawa Senators: Claimed goaltender Curtis McElhinney off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Tom Sestito from the Columbus Blue Jackets for right wing Greg Moore and center Michael Chaput.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Rostislav Klesla and left wing Dane Byers from the Columbus Blue Jackets for left wing Scottie Upshall and defenseman Sami Lepisto.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Christopher Higgins from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Evan Oberg and a third-round pick (later traded back to Vancouver) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Dennis Wideman from the Florida Panthers for left wing Jake Hauswirth and a third-round pick (87th overall, Panthers selected Jonathan Racine) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Jason Arnott from the New Jersey Devils for center David Steckel and a second-round pick (later traded to Minnesota) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 27, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Brian McGrattan and defenseman Sean Zimmerman from the Boston Bruins for center Stefan Chaput and right wing David Laliberte.
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Shane Hnidy to a one-year contract; signed right wing Kirk MacDonald.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired center Brad Boyes from the St. Louis Blues for a second-round pick (46th overall, Blues selected Joel Edmundson) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Brent Seabrook to a five-year contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Chris Phillips to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 26, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed defenseman Craig Rivet off waivers from the Buffalo Sabres.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Bryan McCabe from the Florida Panthers for left wing Tim Kennedy and a third-round pick (76th overall, Panthers selected Logan Shaw) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Claimed defenseman Nick Boynton off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
Washington Capitals: Claimed right wing Marco Sturm off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Feb 25, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed general manager Bob Murray to a four-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Alexander Sulzer from the Nashville Predators for a conditional seventh-round pick (if Sulzer appears on the Panthers' reserve list during the 2011-12 season) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 24, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired goaltender Dan Ellis from the Tampa Bay Lightning for goaltender Curtis McElhinney.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed general manager Rick Dudley to a four-year contract extension.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired left wing Cory Stillman from the Florida Panthers for center Ryan Carter and a fifth-round pick (later traded to San Jose via Atlanta/Winnipeg; 133rd overall) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Brent Sopel and right wing Nigel Dawes from the Atlanta Thrashers for center Ben Maxwell and a fourth-round pick (later traded back to Montreal; 108th overall) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. 
Ottawa Senators: Claimed right wing Marek Svatos off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired Alex Kovalev from the Ottawa Senators for a conditional seventh-round pick (a sixth-round pick if the Penguins reach the 2011 Eastern Conference semifinals, a seventh-round pick otherwise; 204th overall, Senators selected Ryan Dzingel) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 23, 2011
Washington Capitals: Signed center Matt Hendricks to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 21, 2011
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Alex Goligoski from the Pittsburgh Penguins for left wing James Neal and defenseman Matt Niskanen.

Feb 19, 2011
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Chris Stewart, defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk and a conditional second-round pick (only if the first-round pick going the other way is not among the top ten; 32nd overall, Blues selected Ty Rattie) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft for defenseman Erik Johnson, center Jay McClement and a conditional first-round pick (only if the pick is not among the top ten; 11th overall, Avalanche selected Duncan Siemens) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 18, 2011
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired center Blake Wheeler and defenseman Mark Stuart from the Boston Bruins for center Rich Peverley and defenseman Boris Valabik.
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Tomas Kaberle from the Toronto Maple Leafs for center Joe Colborne, a first-round pick (later traded to Anaheim) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional second-round pick (if Boston reaches the Stanley Cup Finals in 2011; later traded to Dallas via Colorado and Washington) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired defenseman Derek Joslin from the San Jose Sharks for future considerations.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Brian Elliott from the Ottawa Senators for goaltender Craig Anderson.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Ian White from the Carolina Hurricanes for a second-round pick (47th overall, Hurricanes selected Brock McGinn) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Eric Brewer from the St. Louis Blues for defenseman Brock Beukeboom and a third-round pick (88th overall, Blues selected Jordan Binnington) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 17, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired right wing Jarkko Ruutu from the Ottawa Senators for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 171st overall, Senators selected Max McCormick) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Waived center Tim Sestito.

Feb 16, 2011
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Paul Mara from the Anaheim Ducks for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Montreal) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 15, 2011
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Dustin Byfuglien to a five-year contract extension through the 2015-16 season.
Boston Bruins: Acquired center Chris Kelly from the Ottawa Senators for a second-round pick (61st overall, Senators selected Shane Prince) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Aaron Voros from the Anaheim Ducks for a conditional seventh-round pick (condition not fulfilled) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 14, 2011
Colorado Avalanche: Announced the retirement of center Peter Forsberg.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Kris Versteeg from the Toronto Maple Leafs for first- and third-round picks (25th and 86th overall, Maple Leafs selected Stuart Percy and Josh Leivo) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 12, 2011
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Jason Williams.

Feb 11, 2011
Vancouver Canucks: Announced the retirement of left wing Andrew Peters.

Feb 10, 2011
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Mike Fisher from Ottawa Senators for a first-round pick (21st overall, Senators selected Stefan Noesen) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (82nd overall, Senators selected Jarrod Maidens) in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 9, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired defenseman Francois Beauchemin from the Toronto Maple Leafs for right wing Joffrey Lupul, defenseman Jake Gardiner and a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Michael Frolik and goaltender Alexander Salak from the Florida Panthers for goaltender Jack Skille, right wing Hugh Jessiman and center David Pacan.
New York Islanders: Acquired goaltender Al Montoya from the Phoenix Coyotes for sixth-round pick (155th overall, Coyotes selected Andrew Fritsch) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired right wing Patrick Davis and center Mike Swift from the New Jersey Devils for center Steve Zalewski and defenseman Jay Leach.

Feb 7, 2011
Anaheim Ducks: Signed goaltender Ray Emery.

Feb 6, 2011
Colorado Avalanche: Signed center Peter Forsberg.

Feb 4, 2011
Calgary Flames: Announced the retirement of center Craig Conroy to become a special assistant to the general manager.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Dave Andreychuk vice president and Phil Esposito vice president of corporate relations.

Feb 1, 2011
Buffalo Sabres: Announced owner Tom Golisano has agreed to sell the franchise to Pennsylvania businessman Terry Pegula.

Jan 27, 2011
New York Islanders: Re-signed left wing Matt Moulson to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Alexander Semin to a one-year contract extension.

Jan 22, 2011
New York Islanders: Claimed goaltender Evgeni Nabokov off waivers from the Detroit Red Wings.

Jan 20, 2011
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltender Jordan White to a one-game amateur tryout.

Jan 18, 2011
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed general manager Paul Holmgren to a three-year contract extension.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired left wing Ben Eager from the Atlanta Thrashers for a fifth-round pick (149th overall, Thrashers/Jets selected Austen Brassard) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; claimed center Kyle Wellwood off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.

Jan 17, 2011
Atlanta Thrashers: Released right wing Tim Miller.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Kyle Wellwood, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a one-year contract.

Jan 13, 2011
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired left wing Fabian Brunnstrom from the Dallas Stars for right wing Mikhail Stefanovich.

Jan 12, 2011
Nashville Predators: Re-signed center Jerred Smithson to a two-year contract.

Jan 10, 2011
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Wojtek Wolski from the Phoenix Coyotes for defenseman Michal Rozsival.

Jan 7, 2011
Dallas Stars: Acquired left wing Jamie Langenbrunner from the New Jersey Devils for a conditional third-round pick (a third-round pick if Dallas does not win a round of the 2011 Stanley Cup playoffs and does not re-sign Langenbrunner prior to the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, otherwise a second-round pick; 75th overall, Devils selected Blake Coleman) in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 6, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Waived defenseman Mike Commodore and center Kyle Wilson.

Jan 5, 2011
Minnesota Wild: Signed right wing Jed Ortmeyer, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.

Jan 4, 2011
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Trevor Smith from the Anaheim Ducks for defenseman Nate Guenin.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Marc-Andre Bergeron to a one-year contract.

Jan 3, 2011
Philadelphia Flyers: Waived goaltender Michael Leighton.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Deryk Engelland to a three-year contract.

Jan 1, 2011
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Dylan Olsen to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Dwayne Roloson from the New York Islanders for defenseman Ty Wishart.
