Dec 30, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Saraki Pietila European scout.
Florida Panthers: Acquired goaltender Mike Vernon and a third-round pick (82nd overall, Panthers selected Sean O'Connor) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the San Jose Sharks for right wing Radek Dvorak.
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Radek Dvorak from the San Jose Sharks for right wing Todd Harvey and a fourth-round pick (107th overall, Sharks selected Dmitri Patzold) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

Dec 29, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired goaltender Kay Whitmore from the Boston Bruins for defenseman Mike Matteucci.

Dec 28, 1999
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Phil Housley to a contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Bob Corkum.

Dec 21, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Named Anders Hedberg director of European scouting.

Dec 19, 1999
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Felix Potvin and second- (later traded to New Jersey; 39th overall) and third-round (71st overall, Canucks selected Thatcher Bell) picks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for goaltender Kevin Weekes and centers Bill Muckalt and Dave Scatchard.

Dec 18, 1999
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Dany Sabourin and forward Shaun Sutter.

Dec 15, 1999
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Kevin Dean from the Atlanta Thrashers for a ninth-round pick (288th overall, Thrashers selected Mark McRae) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; signed left wing Kirk Muller, who had been with the Florida Panthers, for the remainder of the season; waived left wing Jamie Wright.
Florida Panthers: Waived center Chris Wells.

Dec 14, 1999
Vancouver Canucks: Announced the retirement of defenseman Doug Bodger. 

Dec 12, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Named Mike Smith manager of hockey operations.

Dec 11, 1999
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed defenseman Rumun Ndur off waivers from the New York Rangers.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed center Bob Bassen off waivers from the Calgary Flames.

Dec 9, 1999
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired right wing Brian Wesenberg from the Philadelphia Flyers for left wing Eric Bertrand.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Fired head coach Kevin Constantine; named Herb Brooks head coach; named Ed Johnston and Rick Kehoe assistant coaches.

Dec 8, 1999
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired right wing Shean Donovan from the Colorado Avalanche for goaltender Rick Tabaracci.

Dec 7, 1999
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Marty McSorley to a one-year contract.

Dec 3, 1999
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Nils Ekman to a two-year contract.

Dec 2, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Fired general manager Bob Murray; demoted head coach Lorne Molleken to associate coach; named Bob Pulford general manager and head coach.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Michel Picard, who had been with the St. Louis Blues.

Dec 1, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Rob Murray from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Eric Houde.
New York Rangers: Claimed defenseman Rich Pilon off waivers from the New York Islanders.

Nov 29, 1999
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired left wing Todd Warriner from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a third-round pick (70th overall, Maple Leafs selected Mikael Tellqvist) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 28, 1999
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed general manager Dean Lombardi.

Nov 27, 1999
Dallas Stars: Waived center Derek Plante.

Nov 26, 1999
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Mike McBain from the Tampa Bay Lightning for forward Gordie Dwyer.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed left wing Pavel Torgaev off waivers from the Calgary Flames.

Nov 20, 1999
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Andreas Johansson from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Nils Ekman and a fourth-round pick (later traded to the New York Islanders; 105th overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 19, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired goaltender Sean Burke and a fifth-round pick (160th overall, Coyotes selected Nate Kiser) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for goaltender Mikhail Shtalenkov and a fourth-round pick (115th overall, Panthers selected Chris Eade) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 18, 1999
St. Louis Blues: Announced the retirement of left wing Geoff Courtnall.

Nov 17, 1999
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Grant Ledyard to a multi-year contract.

Nov 16, 1999
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Steve Washburn from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.

Nov 15, 1999
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Ray Sheppard, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a one-year contract with a club option for 2000-01 season.

Nov 13, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Boris Mironov to a three-year contract.

Nov 12, 1999
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Joe Murphy, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Mikael Nylander from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Bryan Muir and left wing Reid Simpson; signed center Mark Bell, their first-round pick in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 11, 1999
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Bruce Gardiner from the Ottawa Senators for left wing Colin Forbes.

Nov 10, 1999
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Pat Verbeek, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a two-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Claimed defenseman Bill Houlder off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Nov 9, 1999
Nashville Predators: Signed forward Scott Walker to a contract extension.
Ottawa Senators: Suspended center Alexei Yashin for the remainder of the season; signed defenseman Bobby Dollas to a multi-year contract.

Nov 5, 1999
Dallas Stars: Suspended left wing Pavel Patera indefinitely without pay for refusing to report to Michigan of the IHL.
Minnesota Wild: Named Tod Leiweke president.

Nov 4, 1999
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Stephane Fiset to a multi-year contract extension.

Nov 3, 1999
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed goaltender Rick Tabaracci, who had been with the Washington Capitals, and assigned him to Orlando of the IHL.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Brian Rolston and a first-round pick (later traded to Boston; 27th overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for right wing Claude Lemieux, and first- and second-round picks (22nd and 57th overall, Devils selected David Hale and Matt DeMarchi) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Nov 2, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Bill Guerin to a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Named Frank Effinger pro scout; Marc Chamard, Ron Ivany and Jeff Perry amateur scouts; and Pierre Page hockey operations consultant.

Nov 1, 1999
New Jersey Devils: Acquired centers Jeff Williams and Sylvain Cloutier and a seventh-round pick (198th overall, Devils selected Ken Magowan) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Atlanta Thrashers for left wing Eric Bertrand and right wing Wes Mason.

Oct 29, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired center Tony Hrkac and defenseman Dean Malkoc from the New York Islanders for center Ted Drury.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Mikko Kuparinen from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations.
Boston Bruins: Signed goaltender Byron Dafoe to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Claimed center Steve Martins off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired goaltender Corey Schwab from the Atlanta Thrashers for a fourth-round pick (107th overall, Thrashers selected Scotty Balan) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Oct 28, 1999
Boston Bruins: Named Tom Songin pro scout.
Ottawa Senators: Claimed center Viacheslav Butsayev off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Oct 27, 1999
Ottawa Senators: Waived center Steve Martins.

Oct 25, 1999
Calgary Flames: Signed center Blair Betts.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Patrik Elias and center Brendan Morrison.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Joe Juneau, who had been with the Buffalo Sabres, to a multi-year contract.

Oct 23, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed center Steve Sullivan off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Oct 21, 1999
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing Dmitri Khristich from the Boston Bruins for a second-round pick (59th overall, Bruins selected Ivan Huml) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; signed Khristich to a multi-year contract.

Oct 20, 1999
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Karl Dykhuis from the Philadelphia Flyers for future considerations.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Dave Ellett; acquired left wing Derek King from the Toronto Maple Leafs for defenseman Tyler Harlton and future considerations.

Oct 19, 1999
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Steve Leach.

Oct 18, 1999
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Ulf Samuelsson.

Oct 17, 1999
Calgary Flames: Signed forward Pavel Torgaev.

Oct 15, 1999
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Jody Hull from the Atlanta Thrashers for future considerations.

Oct 13, 1999
Detroit Red Wings: Claimed goaltender Manny Legace off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks.

Oct 12, 1999
Dallas Stars: Signed center Joe Nieuwendyk to a three-year contract extension through the 2002-2003 season.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Kevin Prendergast vice president of hockey operations.

Oct 10, 1999
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed forwards Milan Kraft and Tom Kostopoulos.

Oct 8, 1999
Calgary Flames: Re-signed right wing Jarome Iginla to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Sylvain Cote from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a second-round pick (39th overall, Maple Leafs selected Karel Pilar) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Dimitri Yushkevich to a multi-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed forward Brad Leeb.

Oct 7, 1999
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed right wing Darren McCarty to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Steve Kelly from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a seventh-round pick (226th overall, Lightning selected Brian Eklund) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Joe Reekie to a three-year contract.

Oct 6, 1999
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Miroslav Satan to a multi-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Dave Reid.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed left wing Dave Lowry.

Oct 5, 1999
Boston Bruins: Named Mike O'Connell an alternate governor.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired defenseman Ken Sutton from the Washington Capitals for future considerations.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Bought out the contracts of defenseman Drew Bannister and left wing Joe Cardarelli.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Adrian Aucoin.

Oct 4, 1999
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman David Tanabe to a multi-year contract and defenseman Mike Rucinski to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Steve Shirreffs to a two-year contract.

Oct 3, 1999
New York Rangers: Acquired forward Alexandre Daigle from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations.

Oct 2, 1999
Nashville Predators: Signed left wing Jason Dawe.
San Jose Sharks: Announced an affiliation agreement with New Orleans of the ECHL.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Ben Clymer to a three-year contract.

Oct 1, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Chad Wagner to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Dimitri Kalinin to a three-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed forward Ed Olczyk.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed defenseman Richard Matvichuk to a four-year contract; signed goaltender Ed Belfour to a two-year contract extension through the 2001-02 season.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Paul Comrie to a two-year contract and left wing Ryan Smyth to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed forwards David Cunniff and David Maley.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Cory Cross and a seventh-round pick (198th overall, Maple Leafs selected Ivan Kolozvary) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Fredrik Modin.

Sep 30, 1999
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Nick Boynton to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Bill Lindsay from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Todd Simpson; released forward Pavel Torgaev.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed forward Blair Atcheynum and defenseman Steve McCarthy, their first-round pick in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced an affiliation agreement with Syracuse of the AHL beginning in 2000-2001.
Dallas Stars: Claimed forward Chris Murray off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
New York Rangers: Acquired defenseman Kevin Hatcher from the Pittsburgh Penquins for defenseman Peter Popovic.
Philadelphia Flyers: Released defenseman Kam White.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman John Slaney, who had been with the Nashville Predators.
St. Louis Blues: Claimed defenseman Todd Reirden off waivers from the Edmonton Oilers; claimed center Terry Yake off waivers from the Atlanta Thrashers.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Released left wing Darrin Shannon.

Sep 29, 1999
Calgary Flames: Signed left wing Oleg Saprykin, their first-round pick in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft, and defenseman Robyn Regehr. 
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Jiri Fischer to a three-year contract. 
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Roman Hamrlik to a one-year contract. 
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Brian Finley. 
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed defenseman Cory Cross; signed defenseman Ian Herbers and right wing Stan Drulia to one-year contracts. 
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Bryan Berard to a multi-year contract. 
Vancouver Canucks: Announced the retirement of center Dave Gagner. 

Sep 28, 1999
Atlanta Thrashers: Released right wing Alexei Yegorov.

Sep 27, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired right wing Ladislav Kohn from the Atlanta Thrashers for an eighth-round pick (242nd overall, Thrashers selected Evan Nielsen) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Released left wing Jason Dawe.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Matt Henderson from the Nashville Predators for right wing Paul Healey. 
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Barret Jackman. 

Sep 24, 1999
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Vaclav Varada to a multi-year contract. 

Sep 23, 1999
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Stu Barnes to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of center Brian Bradley. 

Sep 22, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Anders Eriksson to a one-year contract. 
Pittsburgh Penguins: Released left wing Bob Errey and defenseman David Wilkie.
Vancouver Canucks: Released goaltender Christian Bronsard.

Sep 21, 1999
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Sean Avery to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Released left wing Chris Lindberg.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Andre Lakos and forwards Stanislav Gron and Scott Cameron.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Richard Zednik to a three-year contract.

Sep 20, 1999
New York Islanders: Signed center Mats Lindgren to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Dennis Bonvie to a multi-year contract.

Sep 18, 1999
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed left wing Magnus Arvedson to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Brad Stuart, their first-round pick in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Sep 17, 1999
Buffalo Sabres: Signed head coach Brian McCutcheon of Rochester of the AHL to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Radek Bonk to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Patrick DesRochers, their first-round pick in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Released defenseman Harlan Pratt and forwards Joe Blaznek, Kevin Brown, Eric Lecompte, Mike Pietrangelo and Mike Prokopec.

Sep 16, 1999
Vancouver Canucks: Released defenseman Peter Allen.

Sep 15, 1999
Buffalo Sabres: Signed head coach Lindy Ruff to a three-year contract extension through the 2002-03 season.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed center Steve Yzerman to a three-year contract extension through the 2002-03 season.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed center Dave Scatchard.

Sep 14, 1999
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Peter Smrek.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Peter Schaefer.

Sep 13, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Released right wing Dmitri Kvartalnov.
St. Louis Blues: Released forward Kenzie Homer.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Released defenseman Zarley Zalapski.

Sep 12, 1999
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Hal Gill to a two-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Released defenseman Dean Arsene and Mike Jefferson.
Edmonton Oilers: Released right wing Karol Bartanus, defensemen Brent Bilodeau and Kevin Haup, centers Blair Manning, Terry Marchant and Dana Mulvihill and left wing Jared Smyth.
Vancouver Canucks: Released defensemen Derek Diener and Kevin Kellett, right wing Rob Pearson and left wing Marcus Gustafsson.

Sep 11, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired right wing Craig Mills from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.
Detroit Red Wings: Released forwards Brett Harkins and Chris Bergeron and defenseman Jeff Sharples.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Bruce Gardiner; released forwards Ed Patterson, Brian Secord and Jonathan Weaver and defensemen Shane Kenny and Philippe Plante.

Sep 10, 1999
Detroit Red Wings: Released defensemen Jeff Katcher and Greg Labenski; left wings J.J. Hunter, Quintin Laing and Doug Nolan; centers Brandin Cote and Chris Stanley; and goaltender Patrick Dovigi.
Edmonton Oilers: Released goaltenders Brent Belicki and Travis Mailhot.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Drake Berehowsky.
St. Louis Blues: Extended the contract of director of amateur scouting Ted Hampson through the 2001-2002 season.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Sebastien Centomo; named Mark Hiller director of amateur scouting and Thommie Bergman chief European scout; released forwards Mark Murphy and David Comeau.

Sep 9, 1999
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Jaroslav Svejkovsky to a three-year contract.

Sep 8, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the retirement of right wing Todd Ewen.

Sep 7, 1999
Boston Bruins: Named Ken Baumgartner assistant coach.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed center Wayne Primeau to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Rob Zettler, who had been with the Nashville Predators.

Sep 6, 1999
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Glen Murray.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced the retirement of goaltender Ron Hextall; named Ron Hextall scout; re-signed left wings Valeri Zelepukin and Craig Berube to one-year contracts.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Jan Hrdina to a multi-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Dan Kesa, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins, to a one-year contract.

Sep 5, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Bob Essensa, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed right wing Mike Craig.

Sep 4, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed goaltender Tom Askey to a one-year contract with a one-year club option.
Calgary Flames: Acquired goaltender Grant Fuhr from the St. Louis Blues for a third-round pick (75th overall, Blues selected Justin Papineau) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Rory Fitzpatrick.

Sep 3, 1999
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Maxim Afinogenov to a three-year contract; signed left wing Eric Boulton and center Jason Cipolla.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Steve Duchesne, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed defenseman Christian Laflamme to a three-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Aki Berg.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Patrick Cote; signed center Randy Robitaille and defenseman Craig Millar.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Stanislav Neckar to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Tyler Wright to a multi-year contract; signed left wing Greg Crozier and forward Dylan Gyori.
St. Louis Blues: Named Aaron Komarek strength and conditioning coordinator, Stanley Richardson communications manager and Jeff Wright massage therapist.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Jarrod Skalde; signed right wing Teemu Riihijarvi.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Brad Shaw assistant coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed left wing Todd Bertuzzi.

Sep 2, 1999
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Antti Laaksonen and goaltender John Grahame to one-year contracts and defenseman Mattias Timander on a two-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Named Doug Risebrough executive vice president and general manager.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Kevin Dineen, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a multi-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed left wing Tom Chorske, who had been with the Calgary Flames.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed forwards Ladislav Kohn and Lonny Bohonos.

Sep 1, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed goaltender Jocelyn Thibault and defensemen Brad Brown and Jamie Allison to multi-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Warren Luhning to a two-year contract; signed defenseman Keith Aldridge to a one-year contract with an option for the 2000-2001 season.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Markus Naslund.

Aug 31, 1999
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Eric Dandenault and forwards Jeff Daniels, Gilbert Dionne and Todd Simon.
Florida Panthers: Announced the retirement of right wing Dino Ciccarelli.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Buddy Wallace; re-signed forwards Viacheslav Butsayev, John Emmons and Yves Sarault to multi-year contracts.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Shane Doan to a multi-year contract.

Aug 30, 1999
San Jose Sharks: Signed defenseman Chris Armstrong.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed right wing Bill Muckalt.

Aug 28, 1999
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed goaltender John Nabokov; signed center Eric Landry, defenseman Jon Coleman, left wing Doug Friedman and center Rejean Stringer.

Aug 27, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Pavel Trnka to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defensemen Rejean Stringer and Jon Coleman.

Aug 26, 1999
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Brad Smyth.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Trent Cull.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Roman Turek to a multi-year contract.

Aug 25, 1999
Boston Bruins: Signed center Sean Pronger, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, and goaltender Kay Whitmore to two-year contracts; re-signed left wing Ken Belanger to a two-year contract; re-signed center Shawn Bates to a one-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed forward Clarke Wilm and re-signed defenseman Eric Charron and forward Allan Egeland.
New York Rangers: Signed center Mike Harder and defenseman John Namestnikov.
St. Louis Blues: Signed forward Sylvain Blouin.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Jason Muzzatti and left wing Darrin Shannon.
Vancouver Canucks: Named Andy Moog goaltending consultant; signed center Brian Bonin.

Aug 24, 1999
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Kevin Miller, defenseman Kevin Grimes and right wing Bob Prier to multi-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed forwards Kevyn Adams and Frantisek Mrazek.

Aug 23, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed center Josef Marha and left wing Jean-Yves Leroux to multi-year contracts; acquired goaltender Michel Larocque from the San Jose Sharks for a fifth-round pick (142nd overall, Sharks selected Michal Pinc) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced that Barry Smith has been named assistant coach at Syracuse of the AHL.

Aug 20, 1999
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom to a three-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Brian Swanson.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Simon Gagne to a three-year contract.

Aug 19, 1999
Calgary Flames: Named Tom Watt development coach.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Bert Robertsson.
Florida Panthers: Signed left wing Chad Cabana, center Ryan Johnson and defenseman Jeff Ware.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Mathieu Schneider.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed goaltender Jani Hurme.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Shayne Toporowski.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Jimmy Waite.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed goaltender Martin Brochu to a two-way contract.

Aug 18, 1999
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Denis Gauthier.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Chad Kilger to a two-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Promoted Andre Savard to assistant coach and Jarmo Kekalainen to director of player personnel; named Frank Jay chief amateur scout, Ken Williamson western U.S. amateur scout and Lewis Mongelluzo U.S. amateur scout.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Karl Dykhuis to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Colin Forbes to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Acquired defenseman Steve Shirreffs from the Calgary Flames for center Benoit Gratton.

Aug 17, 1999
Montreal Canadiens: Signed center Boyd Olson and defenseman Byron Briske to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Craig Charron from the New York Islanders for left wing Niklas Andersson.

Aug 16, 1999
Nashville Predators: Acquired center Randy Robitaille from the Atlanta Thrashers for left wing Denny Lambert.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Tavis Hansen to a multi-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the resignation of assistant general manager and director of player development Anders Hedberg.

Aug 13, 1999
Buffalo Sabres: Signed center Chris Taylor, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Jamie Pushor to a two-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Martin Straka to a multi-year contract.

Aug 12, 1999
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Derek Plante to a one-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Announced the retirement of center Bob Carpenter; named Carpenter assistant coach at Albany of the AHL.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed right wing Jamal Mayers and defensemen Chris McAlpine and Jamie Rivers.

Aug 11, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Rem Murray to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Ken Gernander.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Chris O'Sullivan, who had been with the New York Rangers.

Aug 10, 1999
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed associate coaches Dave Lewis and Barry Smith to two-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed assistant coach Ted Green to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed defenseman Barry Richter, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a two-year contract; signed goaltender Frederic Chabot to a two-year contract; signed right wing Dainius Zubrus and defensemen Scott Lachance and Craig Rivet to one-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Signed goaltender Corey Hirsch and center Steve Washburn, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Jake Goertzen scouting coordinator.

Aug 9, 1999
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Jean-Francois Labbe.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Rick Paterson professional scout.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed defenseman Jason Strudwick.
Washington Capitals: Signed defenseman Jamie Huscroft, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes.

Aug 7, 1999
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Mark Fitzpatrick.

Aug 6, 1999
Calgary Flames: Signed forward Dave Roche and defensemen Wade Belak and Lee Sorochan.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired goaltender Jeff Reese and a ninth-round pick (287th overall, Lightning selected Milan Kopecky) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a ninth-round pick (265th overall, Maple Leafs selected Jean-Philippe Cote) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; announced the retirement of goaltender Jeff Reese; named Jeff Reese goaltending consultant.

Aug 5, 1999
Buffalo Sabres: Announced that defenseman Jason Woolley has been awarded a one-year contract by an NHL-NHLPA arbitrator.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender Tyler Moss and left wing Hnat Domenichelli.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Dan McGillis to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Kaspars Astashenko to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Steve Sullivan to a two-year contract.

Aug 4, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Named Chris Phillips trainer.
Calgary Flames: Signed forwards Jason Wiemer and Andrei Nazarov.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Steve Bancroft to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Bill Ranford to a one-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed defenseman Jeff Norton.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defensemen Andrei Zyuzin and Bill Houlder and left wings Shawn Burr and Steve Guolla from the San Jose Sharks for left wing Niklas Sundstrom and a third-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers, later traded to Chicago; 74th overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Doug Bodger, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings; signed left wing Martin Gendron.

Aug 3, 1999
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Ruslan Fedotenko; re-signed defenseman-left wing Sean O'Brien to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Dale Rominski to a two-year agreement.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Garth Snow.

Aug 2, 1999
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Geoff Sanderson and defenseman Jason Holland to one-year contracts and defenseman James Patrick to a multi-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed goaltender Fred Brathwaite.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed left wing Wendel Clark, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract with an option for a second season.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Mike Maneluk to a one-year contract.

Aug 1, 1999
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defenseman Bob Boughner.

Jul 30, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed right wing Frank Banham and center Bob Wren to one-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed left wing Andrei Kovalenko and center Jeff O'Neill to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Michael Nylander to a one-year contract.

Jul 29, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Antti Aalto and left wings Mike Leclerc and Jeremy Stevenson.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Aaron Ward to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Terry Virtue.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wings Mikael Renberg and Sandy McCarthy to one-year contracts.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed left wings Fredrik Modin and Todd Warriner to one-year contracts.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed forward Harry York.

Jul 28, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Oleg Tverdovsky to a one-year contract.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Dave Andreychuk, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Guy Carbonneau to a two-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Tomas Kloucek.

Jul 27, 1999
Dallas Stars: Re-signed right wing Grant Marshall to a three-year contract and left wing Jamie Wright to a one-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed right wing Sergei Krivokrasov.
Philadelphia Flyers: Announced affiliation agreements with Philadelphia of the AHL and Trenton of the ECHL.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed center Mike Sillinger to a two-year contract and center Steve Kelly to a one-year contract; named John Torchetti assistant coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Daniel Sedin and center Henrik Sedin, their first-round picks in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Joe Sacco, who had been with the New York Islanders.

Jul 26, 1999
Nashville Predators: Signed forward Brent Peterson and defenseman Alexander Boikov.
New York Rangers: Named John Tortorella assistant coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wing-center Eric Healey to a one-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Jeff Toms to a two-way contract.

Jul 23, 1999
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Justin Hocking and right wing Bobby House.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Mike Eagles.

Jul 22, 1999
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed right wing Steve Staios.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Craig Fisher.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Milan Hnilicka.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Phil von Stefenelli to a one-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center/right wing Syl Apps.

Jul 21, 1999
Florida Panthers: Signed goaltenders Ryan Bach and Richard Shulmistra and defenseman Brent Thompson.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Eric Landry from the Calgary Flames for defenseman Fredrik Oduya.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Alyn McCauley to a one-year contract and right wing Mike Johnson to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Ulf Dahlen.

Jul 20, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Eric Houde, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Mikko Kuparinen to a two-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Glen Metropolit.

Jul 19, 1999 
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wing Vladimir Vujtek and center Per Svartvadet.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Landon Wilson to a two-year contract, defenseman Vratislav Cech to a three-year contract and left wing Joe Hulbig, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a one-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed right wing Jaroslav Kristek to a multi-year contract. 
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Keith Jones to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Named Ron Campbell president.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed Al MacAdam as coach at St. John's of the AHL.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing Chris Simon to a one-year contract. 

Jul 17, 1999 
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed left wing Kyle Freadrich.

Jul 16, 1999 
Buffalo Sabres: Signed goaltender Mika Noronen and right wing David Moravee to multi-year contracts. 
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed defenseman Alexei Gusarov to a multi-year contract; signed center Samuel Pahlsson and defenseman Sanny Lindstrom to multi-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed center Roman Lyashenko to a three-year contract and center Pavel Patera to a one-year contract with a club option for 2000-01. 
Detroit Red Wings: Signed forward Yuri Butsayev to a three-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed center Vaclav Prospal to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed left wings Mika Alatalo and Jean-Guy Trudel, defenseman Francois Leroux and right wings Stephen King and David Oliver. 
Washington Capitals: Acquired goaltender Craig Billington from the Colorado Avalanche for future considerations. 

Jul 15, 1999 
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Niclas Havelid to a one-year contract; signed forwards Jonas Anderson and Phil Crowe and goaltender Jan Lasak.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired right wing Martin Prochazka from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a sixth-round pick (168th overall, Maple Leafs selected Maxim Kondratiev) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; signed center Andreas Karlsson.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed center Josef Vasicek to a multi-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Jamie Pushor from the Atlanta Thrashers for left wing Jason Botterill and future considerations.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Manny Legace, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to a multi-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Craig MacTavish assistant coach.
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of defenseman Jeff Beukeboom; signed center Tim Taylor, who had been with the Boston Bruins.
Ottawa Senators: Signed center Konstantin Gorovikov to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Todd Gill, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a two-year contract; re-signed center Mike Sullivan to a two-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Libor Prochazka.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Fired assistant coaches Rick Paterson an Paulin Bordeleau; retained assistant John Cullen.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed center Jason Bonsignore, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, and left wing Vladimir Antipov.

Jul 14, 1999 
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Jan Hlavac.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed forward Chris Albert to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Pierre Turgeon to a two-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Fired head coach and general manager Jacques Demers; named Steve Ludzik head coach; announced president Rick Dudley will assume the role of general manager.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Named head coach Pat Quinn general manager.

Jul 13, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Vitaly Vishnevski to a three-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed forward Bob Lachance.
Buffalo Sabres: Signed defenseman Doug Houda to a multi-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Lance Pitlick, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, to a three-year contract with a club option for a fourth year.
New York Rangers: Signed goaltender Kirk McLean, who had been with the Florida Panthers.
Ottawa Senators: Signed defenseman Karel Rachunek and left wing Petr Schastilvy to multi-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed goaltender Neil Little and defenseman Jeff Tory to one-year contracts and defenseman Dean Melanson to a two-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Andrew Cassels, who had been with the Calgary Flames.

Jul 12, 1999
Boston Bruins: Re-signed goaltender Rob Tallas to a one-year contract.

Jul 9, 1999
Detroit Red Wings: Announced an affiliation agreement with Cincinnati of the AHL.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed defenseman Mike Hurlbut to a multi-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Mark Wotton, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a three-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed goaltender Ken Wregget to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Kiril Safronov, their first-round pick in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defenseman Greg Andrusak, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins; signed defenseman Terran Sandwith, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks; signed defenseman Brian Wiseman.

Jul 8, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed goaltender Dominic Roussel to a multi-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Steve Passmore, who had been with the Edmonton Oilers, to a multi-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Named Mark Hardy and Dave Tippet assistant coaches.
New York Rangers: Signed right wing Theo Fleury, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche.
Washington Capitals: Named Ben Shaffer team physician.

Jul 7, 1999
New York Islanders: Signed forward Chris Ferraro and defenseman Jamie Heward.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed left wing Garry Valk; signed right wing Jonas Hoglund, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.
Washington Capitals: Signed forward Mike Siklenka.

Jul 6, 1999
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed forwards Dan Snyder, Hugo Boisvert and Kirby Law.
Boston Bruins: Signed left wing Mikko Eloranta to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed left wing Juha Lind to a two-year contract and right wing Blake Sloan to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Kirk Maltby to a four-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Valeri Kamensky, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche, and defenseman Stephane Quintal, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Shawn Wansborough to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed defenseman Sergey Gusev to a three-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Named Greg Smith head trainer.

Jul 5, 1999
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Steve Smith.

Jul 2, 1999
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Kjell Larsson, Paul Castron, Sam McMaster, Milan Tichy and Telepin Artem Nikolaevich amateur scouts.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Craig Conroy to a two-year contract.

Jul 1, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed center-left wing Ted Donato and right wing Jeff Nielsen to multi-year contracts.
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed left wing Bryan Adams.
Florida Panthers: Released defenseman Terry Carkner, right wing Dino Ciccarelli and left wing-center Kirk Muller; offered qualifying contract offers to defensemen Bret Hedican, John Jakopin, Filip Kuba, Jaroslav Spacek and Jeff Ware; centers Ryan Johnson and Viktor Kozlov; and left wing-center Chris Wells.
Philadelphia Flyers: Waived goaltender Ron Hextall.
San Jose Sharks: Announced goaltender Mike Vernon, defenseman Bill Houlder and right wing Tony Granato signed their player options for 1999-2000; picked up the option on the contract of right wing Ronnie Stern for 1999-2000.

Jun 30, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Re-signed left wing Paul Kariya to a three-year contract.
Atlanta Thrashers: Named Scott Green athletic trainer.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Kent Manderville to a multi-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired left wing Rob Zamuner and a second-round pick (later traded to Dallas via Philadelphia and Tampa Bay; 34th overall) in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Andreas Johansson to complete the deal that allowed Tampa Bay to sign general manager Rick Dudley; re-signed assistant coach Perry Pearn to a multi-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed center Eric Lindros to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Exercised their 1999-2000 options on the contracts of right wing Rick Tocchet, left wing Greg Adams and defensemen Brad Tiley and Sean McCann.

Jun 29, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed center Torrey DiRoberto and left wing Ted Donato to one-year contracts.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed goaltender Kevin Hodson to a two-year contract.

Jun 26, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired defenseman Oleg Tverdovsky from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Travis Green and a first-round pick (15th overall, Coyotes selected Scott Kelman) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired a first-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 1st overall, Thrashers selected Patrik Stefan) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for a first-round pick (2nd overall, Canucks selected Daniel Sedin) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick (later traded to New Jersey; 67th overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; acquired center Per Svartvadet from the Dallas Stars for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Ottawa via Florida; 184th overall, Stars selected Justin Cox) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired center Marc Savard and a first-round pick pick (11th overall, Flames selected Oleg Saprykin) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for left wing Jan Hlavac and first- (9th overall, Rangers selected Jamie Lundmark) and third-round (later traded back to Calgary; 77th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired goaltender Eric Fichaud from the Nashville Predators for a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 121st overall, Predators selected Evgeny Pavlov) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Bryan McCabe and a first-round pick (11th overall, Blackhawks selected Pavel Vorobiev) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for a first-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers via Tampa Bay; 4th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Jiri Dopita from the New York Islanders for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 140th overall, Islanders selected Adam Johnson) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Jim Cummins from the Phoenix Coyotes for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 168th overall, Coyotes selected Erik Lewerstrom) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Craig Millar from the Edmonton Oilers for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit; 91st overall, Oilers selected Mike Comrie) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Phil Crowe from the Atlanta Thrashers for future considerations.
New York Islanders: Acquired a first-round pick (28th overall, Islanders selected Kristian Kudroc) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for second- (32nd overall, Stars selected Michael Ryan) and third-round picks (previously acquired from Montreal, later traded back to the New York Islanders; 78th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft; acquired a ninth-round pick (268th overall, Islanders selected Tyler Scott) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Colorado Avalanche for a ninth-round pick (266th overall, Avalanche selected Sean Kotary) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired a first-round pick (4th overall, Rangers selected Pavel Brendl) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for goaltender Dan Cloutier, right wing Niklas Sundstrom and first- (later traded to San Jose; 8th overall) and third-round (later traded to Chicago via San Jose; 74th overall) picks in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired a first-round pick (later traded to Atlanta; 1st overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a first- (previously acquired from Chicago, later traded to the New York Rangers; 4th overall) and two third-round picks (one previously acquired as compensation for the loss of Jyrki Lumme the other previously acquired from Buffalo; 75th and 88th overall, Lightning selected Brett Scheffelmaier and Jimmie Olvestad) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 25, 1999
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed the following players in the 1999 NHL Expansion Draft: left wings Johan Garpenlov (Florida Panthers), Matt Johnson (Los Angeles Kings) and Tomi Kallio (Colorado Avalanche); centers Sylvain Cloutier (Chicago Blackhawks), Mike Stapleton (Phoenix Coyotes) and Terry Yake (St. Louis Blues); right wings Kelly Buchberger (Edmonton Oilers), Phil Crowe (Ottawa Senators), Peter Ferraro (Boston Bruins), Jody Hull (Philadelphia Flyers), Steve Staios (Vancouver Canucks), Ed Ward (Calgary Flames) and Alexei Yegorov (San Jose Sharks); defensemen Petr Buzek (Dallas Stars), Brett Clark (Montreal Canadiens), Kevin Dean (New Jersey Devils), Maxim Galanov (Pittsburgh Penguins), David Harlock (New York Islanders), Jamie Pushor (Anaheim Mighty Ducks), Darryl Shannon (Buffalo Sabres), Chris Tamer (New York Rangers), Mark Tinordi (Washington Capitals) and Yannick Tremblay (Toronto Maple Leafs); goaltenders Trevor Kidd (Carolina Hurricanes), Norm Maracle (Detroit Red Wings) and Corey Schwab (Tampa Bay Lightning); acquired center Randy Robitaille from the Boston Bruins for right wing Peter Ferraro; acquired defenseman Gord Murphy, center Herbert Vasilyev, defenseman Daniel Tjarnqvist and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Ottaws, later traded to Dallas; 184th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Florida Panthers for goaltender Trevor Kidd; acquired goaltender Scott Langkow from the Phoenix Coyotes for future considerations; acquired defenseman Ulf Samuelsson from the Detroit Red Wings for future considerations; acquired defenseman Sergei Vshedkevich from the New Jersey Devils for future considerations; acquired right wing Dean Sylvester from the Buffalo Sabres for future considerations; acquired fourth- and ninth-round picks (99th and 246th overall, Thrashers selected Rob Zepp and Ray DiLauro) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations; acquired center Andreas Karlsson from the Calgary Flames for future considerations.
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing Warren Luhning from the New York Islanders for a third-round pick (later traded back to Dallas) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 22, 1999
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed head coach Paul Maurice to a three-year contract; signed assistant coaches Kevin McCarthy and Randy Ladoceur to three-year contracts.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed goaltender Tomas Vokoun.
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Ron Sutter.

Jun 21, 1999
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired left wing Andrew Brunette from the Nashville Predators for a fifth-round pick (131st overall, Predators selected Matt Hendricks) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed right wing Ed Ward.
San Jose Sharks: Signed goaltenders Miikka Kiprusoff, Vesa Toskala and Johan Hedberg and defenseman Robert Jindrich.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Yannick Tremblay.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed left wing James Black to a two-year contract; acquired center Jeff Nelson from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.

Jun 20, 1999
New York Islanders: Acquired center Olli Jokinen, left wing Josh Green, defenseman Mathieu Biron and a first-round pick (8th overall, Islanders selected Taylor Pyatt) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Los Angeles Kings for right wing Zigmund Palffy, center Bryan Smolinski, goaltender Marcel Cousineau and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 125th overall, Kings selected Daniel Johansson) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired goaltender Roman Turek from the Dallas Stars for a second-round pick (previously acquired as compensaation for ...; 66th overall, Stars selected Dan Jancevski) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 18, 1999
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired goaltender Damian Rhodes from the Ottawa Senators for future considerations.
Calgary Flames: Signed forward Brent Dodginghorse.
Edmonton Oilers: Named Kevin Lowe head coach.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Brian Rafalski.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired goaltender Patrick Lalime and a second-round pick (48th overall, Senators selected Simon Lajeunesse) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for left wing Ted Donato, defenseman Antti-Jussi Niemi and a second-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Rangers; 44th overall, Mighty Ducks selected Jordan Leopold) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed center Artem Chubarov; named Jack McIllhargey and Mike Johnston assistant coaches.

Jun 17, 1999
NHLPA: Named Rene Robert executive director.
Nashville Predators: Signed defenseman Jayme Filipowicz.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Alfie Michaud.

Jun 16, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Bobby Francis head coach.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Ryan Ready.

Jun 14, 1999
Los Angeles Kings: Named Andy Murray head coach.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Paul Holmgren assistant general manager.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Jarkko Ruutu.

Jun 11, 1999
San Jose Sharks: Re-signed center Vincent Damphousse.

Jun 10, 1999
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced a three-year affiliation agreement with Cincinnati of the IHL.

Jun 9, 1999
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Tommy Albelin.
Philadelphia Flyers: Fired assistant general manager John Blackwell.

Jun 8, 1999
Ottawa Senators: Named Marshall Johnston general manager and signed him to a three-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed center Andy Lundbohm and right wing Adam Nittel.

Jun 7, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Announced that head coach Ron Low will not return next season.

Jun 3, 1999
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Jeff Hackett to a three-year contract extension through the 2002-2003 season.
St. Louis Blues: Signed center Tyler Rennette and defenseman Jame Pollock.

Jun 2, 1999
Calgary Flames: Signed center Daniel Tkaczuk, their first-round pick in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Chris Feil and center Kyle Calder to multi-year contracts.
Dallas Stars: Signed left wing Brenden Morrow and defensemen Jeff McKercher.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed center Peter Sarno to a multi-year contract; signed goaltender Alex Fomitchev to a multi-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defensemen Burke Henry and Wes Jarvis.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defensemen Alexander Andreyev to a multi-year contract.
San Jose Sharks: Signed right wing Adam Colagiacomo.

Jun 1, 1999
Boston Bruins: Signed defenseman Eric Van Acker to a three-year contract.
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Chris St. Croix.
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed defenseman Nikos Tselios, their first-round pick in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center-right wing Pat Kavanagh from the Philadelphia Flyers for a sixth-round pick (160th overall, Flyers selected Konstantin Rudenko) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft; signed center Harold Druken.

May 31, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Signed forwards Jason Chimera and Chad Hinz to multi-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Announced the resignation of president Ronald Corey.

May 29, 1999
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Trevor Linden from the New York Islanders for a first-round pick (10th overall, Islanders selected Branislav Mezei) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft; signed Linden to a four-year contract.

May 28, 1999
Detroit Red Wings: Signed head coach Scotty Bowman to a one-year contract; signed Stacy Roest to a two-year contract.

May 27, 1999
Nashville Predators: Signed forwards Mark Mowers, Matt Henderson and defenseman Karlis Skrastins.
Washington Capitals: Signed goaltender Curtis Cruickshank; exercised the contract option on left wing Trevor Halverson.

May 26, 1999
New Jersey Devils: Named Larry Robinson assistant coach.

May 25, 1999
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Francis Lessard from the Carolina Hurricanes for an eighth-round pick (237th overall, Hurricanes selected Antti Jokela) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defensemen Jeff Finley and Jaroslav Obsut.

May 24, 1999
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Brian Leetch to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Fired head coach Jim Schoenfeld; named Gordie Roberts director of player development.

May 21, 1999
Nashville Predators: Extended the contracts of head coach Barry Trotz and assistant coaches Paul Gardner and Brent Peterson.

May 20, 1999
Vancouver Canucks: Signed defenseman Ryan Bonni.

May 19, 1999
Carolina Hurricanes: Announced assistant coach Tom Webster has accepted the head coaching position at Windsor of the OHL.

May 17, 1999
Detroit Red Wings: Suspended operations at Adirondack of the AHL.

May 14, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed center Juha Ylonen and left wing Louie DeBrusk to multi-year contracts.

May 12, 1999
Los Angeles Kings: Announced a two-year affiliation agreement with Lowell of the AHL.
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced a six-year affiliation agreement with Springfield of the AHL.

May 10, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Signed goaltender Eric Heffler to a multi-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed right wing Mark Recchi to a five-year contract.

May 7, 1999
Calgary Flames: Extended its affilation agreement with Saint John of the AHL through the 1999-2000 season.
Washington Capitals: Signed left wing Jason Shmyr and defenseman Jean-Francois Fortin

May 5, 1999
Nashville Predators: Signed center Danny Riva.

May 3, 1999
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Brad Smyth from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.

Apr 30, 1999
New York Islanders: Named Butch Goring head coach and signed him to a three-year contract; named John Sanders president and Bob Brenfleck senior vice president of operations.

Apr 29, 1999
St. Louis Blues: Extended their affiliation agreement with Worcester of the AHL through the 2003-04 season.

Apr 21, 1999
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Jason Blake.

Apr 19, 1999
Los Angeles Kings: Fired head coach Larry Robinson.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Andy Berenzweig from the New York Islanders for a fourth-round pick (102nd overall, Islanders selected Johan Halvardsson) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Apr 17, 1999
Nashville Predators: Signed center David Legwand, their first-round pick in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Apr 16, 1999
New York Rangers: Announced the retirement of center Wayne Gretzky, effective at the end of the season.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed left wing Steve Kariya.

Apr 15, 1999
Tampa Bay Lightning: Announced the retirement of defenseman Kjell Samuelsson, effective the end of the season.

Apr 14, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Jeff Maund.

Apr 13, 1999
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Peter Forsberg to a multi-year contract.

Apr 12, 1999
New York Rangers: Signed center Mike York and defenseman Kim Johnsson.

Apr 10, 1999
New York Islanders: Signed forward Jason Krog to a multi-year contract.

Apr 8, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman David Cullen to a multi-year contract.

Apr 7, 1999
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Alex Tanguay to a multi-year contract.

Apr 3, 1999
St. Louis Blues: Extended the contracts of senior vice president and general manager Larry Pleau and assistant general manager John Ferguson Jr. through the 2001-2002 season.

Mar 30, 1999
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Arturs Irbe to a multi-year contract extension.
Philadelphia Flyers: Re-signed defenseman Eric Desjardins to a four-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed center Jeff Halpern.

Mar 25, 1999
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Cody Rudkowsky.

Mar 23, 1999
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Acquired center Peter Zezel from the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired center Joe Juneau and a third-round pick (73rd overall, Sabres selected Tim Preston) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for defenseman Alexei Tezikov and future considerations.
Calgary Flames: Acquired defenseman Lee Sorochan from the New York Rangers for defenseman Chris O'Sullivan.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Dale Hunter and a third-round pick (92nd overall, Avalanche selected Sergei Klyazmin) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for a second-round pick (previously acquired from Vancouver; 31st overall, Capitals selected Charlie Stephens) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Sami Helenius from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations; signed defenseman Ben Storey to a multi-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired center Derek Plante from the Buffalo Sabres for a second-round pick (64th overall, Sabres selected Mike Zigomanis) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired defenseman Chris Chelios from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Anders Eriksson, a first-round pick (23rd overall, Blackhawks selected Steve McCarthy) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft and a first-round pick (29th overall, Blackhawks selected Adam Munro) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Wendel Clark and sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Detroit; 181st overall, Red Wings selected Kent McDonell) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for goaltender Kevin Hodson and a second-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 47th overall, Lightning selected Sheldon Keefe) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft; acquired defenseman Ulf Samuelsson from the New York Rangers for second- (59th overall, Rangers selected David Inman) and third-round (previously acquired from ...; 79th overall, Rangers selected Johan Asplund???) picks in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Bill Ranford from the Tampa Bay Lightning for future considerations.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired defenseman Jason Smith from the Toronto Maple Leafs for a fourth-round pick (110th overall, Maple Leafs selected Jonathan Zion) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (51st overall, Maple Leafs selected Kris Vernarsky) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired defenseman Mike Wilson from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Rhett Warrener and a fifth-round pick (138th overall, Sabres selected Ryan Miller) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Jean-Francois Jomphe from the Phoenix Coyotes for future considerations.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Nelson Emerson from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Chris Murray.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Steve Duchesne from the Los Angeles Kings for defenseman Dave Babych and a fifth-round pick (165th overall, Kings selected Nathan Marsters) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Craig Berube from the Washington Capitals for future considerations.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Stanislav Neckar from the New York Rangers for defenseman Jason Doig and a sixth-round pick (177th overall, Rangers selected Jay Dardis) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired right wing Blair Atcheynum from the Nashville Predators for a sixth-round pick (197th overall, Predators selected Zbynek Irgl) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Vincent Damphousse from the Montreal Canadiens for a fifth-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 145th overall, Canadiens selected Marc-Andre Thinel) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft, a first-round pick (16th overall, Canadiens selected Marcel Hossa) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (later traded to Columbus; 53rd overall) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Greg Pankewicz from the Calgary Flames for future considerations.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Yanic Perreault from the Los Angeles Kings for right wing Jason Podollan and a third-round pick (92nd overall, Kings selected Cory Campbell) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 22, 1999
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Tom Chorske from the Washington Capitals for future considerations.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired center Sergei Nemchinov from the New York Islanders for a fourth-round pick  (later traded to Los Angeles; 125th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 21, 1999
Dallas Stars: Acquired left wing Benoit Hogue and a sixth-round pick (167th overall, Stars selected Michal Blazak) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for defenseman Sergei Gusev.

Mar 20, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Chad Kilger, left wings Ethan Moreau and Daniel Cleary, defenseman Christian Laflamme and a second-round pick (36th overall, Oilers selected Alexei Semenov) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for defensemen Boris Mironov and Jonas Elofsson, left wing Dean McAmmond and a second-round pick (46th overall, Blackhawks selected Dmitri Levinsky) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Tommy Salo from the New York Islanders for center Mats Lindgren and an eighth-round pick (228th overall, Islanders selected Radek Martinek) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Sandy McCarthy and left wing Mikael Andersson from the Tampa Bay Lightning for left wing Colin Forbes and a fifth-round pick (148th overall, Lightning selected Michal Lanicek) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired center Robert Reichel and third- (71st overall, Coyotes selected Jason Jaspers) and fourth-round (previously acquired from Ottawa; 123rd overall, Coyotes selected Preston Mizzi) picks in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for left wing Brad Isbister and a third-round pick (87th overall, Islanders selected Brian Collins) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 19, 1999
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Chris Luongo from the New York Islanders for defenseman Jeff Finley.

Mar 18, 1999
Los Angeles Kings: Waived defenseman Steve Duchesne.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Brad Shaw and an eighth-round pick (221st overall, Blues selected Colin Hemingway) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the Washington Capitals for a sixth-round pick (175th overall, Capitals selected Kyle Clark) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 17, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Brian Noonan.

Mar 15, 1999
New York Rangers: Signed left wing Adam Graves to a multi-year contract extension.

Mar 12, 1999
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired center Stu Barnes from the Pittsburgh Penguins for right wing Matthew Barnaby.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired defenseman Radim Bicanek from the Ottawa Senators for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles via Colorado; 164th overall, Senators selected Martin Prusek) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Nashville Predators: Claimed defenseman Dan Keczmer off waivers from the Dallas Stars.

Mar 11, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired goaltender Mikhail Shtalenkov from the Edmonton Oilers for a fifth-round pick (later traded to Nashville; 154th overall) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft; waived goaltender Jimmy Waite.

Mar 10, 1999
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Blake Sloan for the remainder of the season.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired right wing Mark Recchi from the Montreal Canadiens for right wing Dainius Zubrus, a second-round pick (58th overall, Canadiens selected Matt Carkner) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft and a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from the New York Islanders; 172nd overall, Canadiens selected Scott Selig) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Claimed defenseman Brad Shaw off waivers from the Ottawa Senators.

Mar 9, 1999
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired defenseman Scott Lachance from the New York Islanders for a third-round pick (later traded back to the New York Islanders via Dallas; 78th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 8, 1999
Ottawa Senators: Acquired center Viacheslav Butsayev from the Florida Panthers for a sixth-round pick (later traded to Dallas via Atlanta; 184th overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Jamie Huscroft from the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations.

Mar 6, 1999
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Adam Burt from the Carolina Hurricanes for left wing Andrei Kovalenko.

Mar 4, 1999
New York Rangers: Claimed right wing Mike Maneluk off waivers from the Chicago Blackhawks.
St. Louis Blues: Signed defenseman Didier Tremblay.

Mar 1, 1999
Boston Bruins: Released goaltender Jim Carey.
St. Louis Blues: Signed goaltender Jim Carey.

Feb 28, 1999
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired right wing Theoren Fleury and left wing Chris Dingman from the Calgary Flames for left wing Rene Corbet, defenseman Wade Belak and future considerations.

Feb 26, 1999
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Doug Lidster for the remainder of the season.

Feb 24, 1999
Nashville Predators: Announced an affilliation agreement with Milwaukee of the IHL for the 1999-2000 season.
Vancouver Canucks: Signed goaltender Kevin Weekes.

Feb 23, 1999
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Trevor Kidd to a multi-year contract extension.

Feb 22, 1999
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Chris Kenady from the St. Louis Blues to complete a trade for defenseman Jeff Finley and Geoff Smith on February 13.

Feb 19, 1999
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Steve Washburn off waivers from the Florida Panthers.

Feb 17, 1999
Calgary Flames: Signed defenseman Phil Housley to a contract extension through the 1999-2000 season.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired right wing David Nemirovsky from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Jeff Ware.

Feb 16, 1999
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Darby Hendrickson from the Toronto Maple Leafs for defenseman Chris McAllister.

Feb 13, 1999
New York Rangers: Acquired left wing Eric Lacroix from the Los Angeles Kings for center Sean Pronger.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defensemen Jeff Finley and Geoff Smith from the New York Rangers for future considerations.

Feb 10, 1999
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing-defenseman Sean O'Brien from the Pittsburgh Penguins for future considerations.

Feb 8, 1999
Mighty Ducks Anaheim: Signed goaltender Guy Hebert to a three-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Pavel Bure to a five-year contract extension with a sixth-year option.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Cliff Ronning to a two-year contract extension.

Feb 4, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Sean McCann.

Feb 3, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired left wing Brad Church from the Washington Capitals for left wing Barrie Moore.

Feb 2, 1999
Mighty Ducks Anaheim: Signed defenseman Pascal Trepanier to a multi-year contract extension.

Feb 1, 1999
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Sami Kapanen to a multi-year contract extension.

Jan 29, 1999
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Alexandre Daigle from the Philadelphia Flyers for left wing Andrei Kovalenko.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Alexandre Daigle from the Edmonton Oilers for right wing Alexander Selivanov; acquired defenseman Sammy Helenius from the Calgary Flames for future considerations.

Jan 28, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired center Josef Marha from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for future considerations.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Shjon Podein to a multi-year contract.

Jan 27, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Announced a five-year affiliation agreement with Hampton Roads of the ECHL.

Jan 26, 1999
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Carlyle Lewis to a multi-year contract.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Sergei Klimentiev from the Philadelphia Flyers for future considerations.

Jan 24, 1999
Vancouver Canucks: Fired head coach Mike Keenan; named Marc Crawford head coach and sent the Colorado Avalanche a second-round draft choice and $200,000 as compensation (???).

Jan 21, 1999
New York Islanders: Announced the resignation of Mike Milbury as head coach; named Bill Stewart head coach.

Jan 19, 1999
Calgary Flames: Acquired right wing Andrei Nazarov from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Michael Nylander.

Jan 18, 1999
New York Islanders: Acquired center Craig Janney from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a sixth-round pick (previously acquired from Toronto; 182nd overall, Lightning selected Fedor Fedorov) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 17, 1999
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Pavel Bure, defensemen Brad Ference and Bret Hedican and a third-round pick (77th overall, Panthers selected Robert Fried) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft from the Vancouver Canucks for defenseman Ed Jovanovski, center Dave Gagner, left wing Mike Brown, goaltender Kevin Weekes and a first-round pick (23rd overall, Canucks selected Nathan Smith) in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 13, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman J.J. Daigneault from the Nashville Predators for future considerations.

Jan 11, 1999
Detroit Red Wings: Signed right wing Petr Klima.

Jan 10, 1999
Phoenix Coyotes: Announced the termination of their affiliation agreement with Las Vegas of the IHL.

Jan 9, 1999
New York Islanders: Signed goaltender Roberto Luongo, their first-round pick in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Bryan Berard and a sixth-round pick (161st overall, Maple Leafs selected Jan Sochor) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Islanders for goaltender Felix Potvin and a sixth-round pick (later traded to Tampa Bay; 182nd overall) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 8, 1999
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired left wing Frank Bialowas from the Philadelphia Flyers for right wing Dennis Bonvie.

Jan 6, 1999
Calgary Flames: Signed goaltender Fred Brathwaite to a one-year contract with an option for 1999-2000.

Jan 5, 1999
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Scott Gomez, their first-round pick in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft, to a multi-year contract.

Jan 4, 1999
NHL: Awarded the New Jersey Devils cash payment of more than $1.4 million from the St. Louis Blues and their choice of one of the Blues' first-round picks in the next five years of the NHL Entry Draft. New Jersey will also gain the ability to swap first-round picks once during that time period, with the Blues able to defer the claim one time.
