Sep 15, 2004
Edmonton Oilers: Signed right wing Todd Harvey, who had been with the San Jose Sharks.

Aug 16, 2004
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired center Vinny Prospal from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for a second-round pick (31st overall, Mighty Ducks selected Brendan Mikkelson) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.

Jul 29, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Braydon Coburn, their first-round pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Justin Williams to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defensemen Steve Poapst and Stephane Robidas to one-year contracts; re-signed right wing Jason Morgan; signed left wing Rene Bourque.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed center Jason Williams to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed goaltender Dan Blackburn; signed defenseman David Liffiton.

Jul 28, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed center Patrik Stefan.
Boston Bruins: Signed right wing Tom Fitzgerald, who had been with the Toronto Maple Leafs, to a two-year contract.
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed left wing Taylor Pyatt and defensemen Jeff Jillson, Henrik Tallinder and Brian Campbell to one-year contracts.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed center Kevyn Adams to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed goaltender Jocelyn Thibault to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed defenseman Mathieu Dandenault to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Jarrod Skalde, who had been with the Dallas Stars, and defenseman Steve McLaren, who had been with the St. Louis Blues, to multi-year contracts.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed defenseman Nolan Yonkman and left wings Matt Pettinger and Graham Mink to one-year contracts.

Jul 27, 2004
Calgary Flames: Re-signed defenseman Mike Commodore.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed defenseman Jim Vandermeer to a multi-year contract.
New York Islanders: Re-signed defenseman Tomi Pettinen to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Dale Purinton.
Ottawa Senators: Signed right wing Pat Kavanagh, who had been with the Vancouver Canucks, to a multi-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Josh Gratton to a two-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed defenseman Derek Morris to a one-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Re-signed goaltender Dan Cloutier and center Brendan Morrison to one-year contracts.

Jul 26, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed free agent right wing Scott Mellanby, who had been with the St. Louis Blues.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed left wing Erik Cole to a one-year contract; signed center Jim Henkel to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman D.J. Smith and left wing Mathieu Darche.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed left wing Scott Hartnell and defenseman Andrew Hutchinson; signed goaltender Brian Finley; signed unrestricted free agent Andreas Lilja, who had been with the Florida Panthers.

Jul 23, 2004
Buffalo Sabres: Re-signed right wing Mike Grier to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Alex Tanguay to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed center Serge Payer, who had been with the Ottawa Senators, and defenseman Burke Henry, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, to one-year contracts.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed defenseman Ron Hainsey to a two-year contract; signed right wing Gavin Morgan, who had been with the Dallas Stars, to a one-year contract with a club option for 2005-06.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Re-signed left wing Chris Dingman to a multi-year contract and defenseman Nolan Pratt and goaltender Brian Eklund to one-year contracts.

Jul 22, 2004
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed right wing Jesse Boulerice to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Jassen Cullimore, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a multi-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Dan Hinote to a one-year contract; signed centers Brett McLean, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, and Andre Savage, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced defenseman Darrel Scoville exercised his player option for 2004-05.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed left wing Brendan Shanahan to a one-year contract with a player option for 2005-06.
Nashville Predators: Signed center Wyatt Smith, defenseman Jamie Allison, left wing Jeremy Stevenson, center Jerred Smithson, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, and center Cam Severson, who had been with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks.
New York Islanders: Purchased the Bridgeport Sound Tigers, their AHL affiliate.
New York Rangers: Re-signed defenseman Karel Rachunek and left wing Lucas Lawson; signed defenseman Jeff MacMillan, who had been with the Dallas Stars.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Grant Fuhr goaltending coach.

Jul 21, 2004
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Hal Gill to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defensemen Bryan Helmer, who had been with the Phoenix Coyotes, and Brett Lebda and centers Eric Manlow, who had been with the New York Islanders, and Eric Himelfarb.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed goaltender Brian Boucher to a one-year contract.

Jul 20, 2004
Calgary Flames: Re-signed right wing Marcus Nilson.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed defenseman Alex Henry to a one-year contract.
New York Rangers: Signed defensemen Jason Strudwick, who had been with the Chicago Blackhawks, and Trevor Gillies.
Philadelphia Flyers: Named Ilkka Sinisalo amateur scout.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Jeff Halpern to a one-year contract.

Jul 19, 2004
Boston Bruins: Re-signed left wing Sergei Samsonov to a one-year contract.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Kenny Smith, their third-round pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, to a two-year contract; signed left winger Brock Radunske, their third-round pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Re-signed goaltender Manny Fernandez to a one-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed right wing Marc-Andre Thinel to a one-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed center Craig Darby, who had been with the New Jersey Devils.

Jul 17, 2004
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed goaltender David Aebischer to a one-year contract.

Jul 16, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Re-signed right wing Francis Lessard and left wing Tommi Santala.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Niclas Wallin and goaltender Martin Gerber to two-year contracts; signed defenseman Frantisek Kaberle, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a one-year contract.
Chicago Blackhawks: Re-signed left wings Eric Daze and Kyle Calder to multi-year contracts.
Edmonton Oilers: Signed left wing Brad Isbister to a two-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Joel Kwiatkowski, who had been with the Washington Capitals; named Guy Charron assistant coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Mike Weaver, who had been with the Atlanta Thrashers, to a one-year contract; signed right wing Brad Smyth to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Raitis Ivanans to a two-year contract; re-signed assistant coaches Roland Melanson and Rick Green.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed defensemen Mark Eaton and Shane Hnidy.
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Krzysztof Oliwa, who had been with the Calgary Flames.
New York Rangers: Named Perry Pearn assistant coach and Benoit Allaire assistant and goaltending coach.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed center Lasse Pirjeta; re-signed right wing Rico Fata to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Patrick Lalime to a one-year contract with a club option for 2005-06; re-signed right wing Jamal Mayers to a one-year contract.

Jul 15, 2004
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Sean Hill, who had been with the Carolina Hurricanes, to a two-year contract with an option for 2006-07; signed goaltending coach Clint Malarchuk to a one-year extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed left wing Jeff Cowan to a multi-year contract.

Jul 14, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed goaltender Adam Berkhoel, defenseman Travis Roche and center Cory Larose.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Alexander Karpovtsev, who had been with the New York Islanders, to a two-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Re-signed centers Mike Ribeiro and Steve Begin, right wing Niklas Sundstrom and left wing Marcel Hossa.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Eric Meloche, who had been with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed right wing Matt Bradley.
San Jose Sharks: Renewed its affiliation with Johnstown of the ECHL.

Jul 13, 2004
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Joe Corvo to a one-year contract.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Tony Voce.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Re-signed defenseman Ric Jackman to a multi-year contract.

Jul 12, 2004
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Vitaly Vishnevski to a two-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Extended their affiliation with the Toledo Storm of the ECHL through the 2004-05 season.
New Jersey Devils: Signed defenseman Richard Matvichuk, who had been with the Dallas Stars.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Sheldon Keefe, who had been with the Tampa Bay Lightning, to a one-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed right wing Ryan VandenBussche, who had beed with the Chicago Blackhawks.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed center Mike Sillinger.

Jul 9, 2004
Los Angeles Kings: Signed defenseman Lubomir Visnovsky to a four-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed free agent right wing Mark Recchi, who had been with the Philadelphia Flyers, to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed free agent center Mike Ricci, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, to a multi-year contract.

Jul 8, 2004
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Adam Hauser to a one-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed free agent center Brian Rolston, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a multi-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Trent Whitfield and defenseman Josef Boumedienne to one-year contracts.

Jul 7, 2004
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Ian Moran to a two-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Named Joel Quenneville coach; demoted Tony Granato to assistant coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed center Mark Hartigan; signed defenseman Andre Lakos and center Mattias Trattnig.
Edmonton Oilers: Re-signed goaltender Ty Conklin to a multi-year contract.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Raymond Giroux, who had been with the New Jersey Devils.
New Jersey Devils: Re-signed left wing Jeff Friesen to a one-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Michael Bucek senior vice president and chief marketing officer.

Jul 6, 2004
Calgary Flames: Signed defensemen Mark Giordano and Richie Regehr, left wings Davin Heintz and Justin Taylor, centers Dustin Johner and Patrik Nilson, and right wing Carsen Germyn.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Radoslav Suchy and a sixth-round pick (177th overall, Blue Jackets selected Derek Reinhart) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Philadelphia; 119th overall) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Minnesota Wild:	Signed right wing Kirby Law.
New York Rangers: Named Tom Renney coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Craig Conroy, who had been with the Calgary Flames, to a four-year contract.
Ottawa Senators: Signed goaltender Dominik Hasek, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a multi-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Sean O'Donnell, who had been with the Boston Bruins, to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed defenseman Eric Weinrich.

Jul 5, 2004
Florida Panthers: Signed free agent defenseman Eric Cairns, who had been with the New York Islanders.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed center Boyd Devereaux, who had been with the Detroit Red Wings, to a one-year contract with an option for the 2005-06 season.

Jul 3, 2004
New Jersey Devils: Signed left wing Darren Langdon, who had been with the Montreal Canadiens; re-signed center John Madden and left wing Jay Pandolfo.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed right wing Mike Knuble, who had been with the Boston Bruins, and right wing Turner Stevenson, who had been with the New Jersey Devils, to three-year contracts.

Jul 2, 2004
Boston Bruins: Announced the retirement of left wing Ted Donato.
Calgary Flames: Re-signed free agent left wing Chris Simon; signed free agent center Byron Ritchie, who had been with the Florida Panthers.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed free agent center Curtis Brown, who had been with the San Jose Sharks, and free agent right wing Matthew Barnaby, who had been with the Colorado Avalanche.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed free agent left wing Antti Laaksonen, who had been with the Minnesota Wild, and center Ian Laperriere, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings, to multi-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Signed free agent goaltender Jamie McLennan, who had been with the New York Rangers, to a two-year contract with an option for the 2006-07 season.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed center Darcy Verot to a one-year contract.

Jul 1, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed free agent defenseman Jaroslav Modry, who had been with the Los Angeles Kings.
Carolina Hurricanes: Re-signed defenseman Glen Wesley on a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed defenseman Karlis Skrastins to a new one-year contract; re-signed center Chris Gratton and defenseman Bob Boughner to multi-year contracts; announced that left wing Peter Worrell has accepted a qualifying offer.
Dallas Stars: Re-signed free agent right wing Aaron Downey to a one-year contract.
Detroit Red Wings: Re-signed free agent center Kris Draper to a four-year contract.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed goaltender Brent Johnson to a one-year contract with a club option.

Jun 30, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed center Kevin Doell and left wings Serge Aubin, Brad Larsen and Ben Simon.
Boston Bruins: Re-signed defenseman Jonathan Girard to a one-year contract; made qualifying offers to defensemen Hal Gill, Sergei Gonchar and Zdenek Kutlak, centers Joe Thornton and Andy Hilbert, left wings Sergei Samsonov and Ivan Huml and goaltender Andrew Raycroft.
Buffalo Sabres: Exercised a club option for the 2004-05 season on right wing Ales Kotalik.
Dallas Stars: Made qualifying offers to defensemen John Erskine and Dan Jancevski, right wing Mike Siklenka and left wings Jaroslav Svoboda and Mathias Tjarnqvist.
Los Angeles Kings: Made qualifying offers to centers Sean Avery, Scott Barney, Steve Kelly, Ian Laperriere and Eric Belanger, left wings Noah Clarke, Jeff Cowan and Ryan Flinn and defensemen Joe Corvo, Bryan Muir, Joe Rullier, Lubomir Visnovsky and Tomas Zizka.
Phoenix Coyotes: Re-signed left wing Tyson Nash to a three-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Signed left wing D.J. King, center Ryan Johnson, right wings Dallas Drake and Jon DiSalvatore and defensemen Patrick Wellar, Dennis Wideman, Andy Roach and Alex Khavanov.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed center Joe Nieuwendyk, left wing Gary Roberts, defenseman Aki Berg and goaltender Ed Belfour.
Washington Capitals: Re-signed right wing Brian Willsie to a one-year contract.
Florida Panthers: Made qualifying offers to centers Olli Jokinen and Vaclav Nedorost, left wings Eric Beaudoin, Christian Berglund, Niklas Hagman, Darcy Hordichuk, Ryan Jardine and Josh Olson, right wings Juraj Kolnik and Dennis Shivdki and defenseman Mike Van Ryn.

Jun 28, 2004
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed right wing Jeff O'Neill to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Acquired right wing Jaroslav Svoboda from the Carolina Hurricanes for a fourth-round pick (94th overall, Hurricanes selected Jakub Vojta) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft; re-signed center Niko Kapanen to a one-year contract.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed left wing Luc Robitaille to a one-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Re-signed goaltender Reinhard Divis, defensemen Trevor Byrne and Aaron Mackenzie, centers Eric Boguniecki, Blake Evans and Johnny Pohl, and right wings Mike Glumac and Mark Rycroft.
Nashville Predators: Picked up the option on the contract of center David Legwand for the 2004-05 season.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Claimed left wing Geoff Sanderson off waivers from the Vancouver Canucks; exercised the contract option on goaltender Karl Goehring.

Jun 27, 2004
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Stephane Quintal from the Montreal Canadiens for future considerations.
San Jose Sharks: Signed defensemen Tim Conboy and Scott Ford, center Aaron Gill, and right wing Shane Joseph.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired goaltender Patrick Lalime from the Ottawa Senators for a fourth-round pick (98th overall, Senators selected Ilja Zubov) in in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.

Jun 26, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired defenseman Niclas Havelid from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenseman Kurtis Foster; acquired a fourth-round pick (106th overall, Thrashers selected Chad Painchaud) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Carolina Hurricanes for a third-round pick (later traded to Calgary; 69th overall) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft; acquired goaltender Adam Berkhoel from the Chicago Blackhawks for a seventh-round pick (203rd overall, Blackhawks selected Adam Hobson) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired a first-round pick (4th overall, Hurricanes selected Andrew Ladd) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for first- and second-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Toronto; 8th and 59th overall, Blue Jackets selected Alexandre Picard and Kyle Wharton) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from the NY Rangers; 46th overall, Blue Jackets selected Adam Pineault) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for two third-round picks (the latter previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 70th and 98th overall, Flames selected Brandon Prust and Dustin Boyd) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed coach Dave Lewis to a one-year contract extension.
Florida Panthers: Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Florida via Colorado; 37th overall, Panthers selected David Shantz) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for second- (previously acquired from Dallas, later traded to Phoenix; 50th overall) and third-round (73rd overall, Rangers selected Zdenek Bahensky) picks in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired center Radek Bonk from the Ottawa Senators for a third-round pick (77th overall, Senators selected Shawn Weller) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Radek Bonk and goaltender Cristobal Huet from the Los Angeles Kings for goaltender Mathieu Garon and a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 95th overall, Kings selected Paul Baier) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired a first-round pick (20th overall, Devils selected Travis Zajac) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for first- (later traded to San Jose; 22nd overall) and third-round (later traded to Washington; 88th overall) picks in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Acquired a first-round pick (19th overall, Rangers selected Lauri Korpikoski) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Calgary Flames for first- (previously acquired from Toronto; 24th overall, Flames selected Kris Chucko) and second-round (later traded to Columbus; 46th overall) picks in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired a third-round pick (91st overall, Flyers selected Oskars Bartulis) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Tampa Bay Lightning for a fifth- (158th overall, Lightning selected Brandon Elliott) and two sixth-round picks (the latter previously acquired from San Jose; 188th and 191st overall, Lightning selected Jan Zapletal and Karri Ramo) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired left wing Jason Chimera and a third-round pick (later traded to the New York Rangers; 80th overall) in the 2004 NHL Enrtry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for second- and fourth-round picks (previously acquired from New Jersey and Buffalo; 57th and 112th overall, Oilers selected Geoff Paukovich and Liam Reddox) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. Acquired a second-round pick (previously acquired from Dallas via Florida; 50th overall, Coyotes selected Enver Lisin) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for second- (previously acquired from Philadelphia; 60th overall, Rangers selected Brandon Dubinsky)and third-round (previously acquired from Edmonton; 80th overall, Rangers selected Billy Ryan) picks in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired first- (previously acquired from New Jersey; 22nd overall, Sharks selected Lukas Kaspar) and fifth-round (153rd overall, Sharks selected Steven Zalewski) picks in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for first- (28th overall, Stars selected Mark Fistric), second- (52nd overall, Stars selected Raymond Sawada) and third-round (later traded to Vancouver; 91st overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from San Jose; 91st overall, Canucks selected Alexander Edler) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for a third-round pick (71st overall, Stars selected Richard Clune) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Acquired a third-round pick (previously acquired from New Jersey; 88th overall, Capitals selected Clayton Barthel) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Dallas Stars for a third-round pick (75th overall, Stars selected Perttu Lindgren) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.


Jun 25, 2004
Columbus Blue Jackets: Named Gerard Gallant coach and Dean Blais associate coach.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed coach Claude Julien to a long-term contract.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired goaltender Jason Bacashihua from the Dallas Stars for defenseman Shawn Belle; named Chuck Menke director of communications.

Jun 24, 2004
Dallas Stars: Re-signed center Jason Arnott to a one-year contract and defenseman Jon Klemm to a two-year contract with a club option for a third year.

Jun 23, 2004
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Brent Robinson to a two-year contract.

Jun 22, 2004
Phoenix Coyotes: Named Pat Conacher coach of Utah of the AHL.

Jun 21, 2004
San Jose Sharks: Exercised the contract option on defenseman Brad Stuart for the 2004-05 season.

Jun 18, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defenseman Jeff Dwyer and left wing Colin Stuart.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired goaltender Martin Gerber from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenseman Tomas Malec and a third-round pick (74th overall, Mighty Ducks selected Kyle Klubertanz) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Re-signed defenseman Ken Klee and right wing Darcy Tucker to multi-year contracts.

Jun 17, 2004
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed left wing Steve Konowalchuk to a three-year contract.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Exercised the contract of goaltender Nikolai Khabibulin for the 2004-05 season.

Jun 16, 2004
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center R.J. Umberger to a two-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired goaltender Arturs Irbe from the Carolina Hurricanes for future considerations; named Jeff Rimer television play-by-play broadcaster.

Jun 14, 2004
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Rob DiMaio and defenseman Don Sweeney to one-year contracts.
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed center Keith Primeau to a four-year contract.

Jun 11, 2004
Los Angeles Kings: Signed free agent defenseman Jason Holland to a one-year contract.

Jun 10, 2004
New York Islanders: Signed center Kevin Colley to a one-year contract.
Colorado Avalanche: Re-signed center Darby Hendrickson, left wing Chris Bala and defenseman Brett Clark to one-year contracts; signed right wing Jeff Ulmer to a one-year contract.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed defenseman Rostislav Klesla to a one-year contract.

Jun 9, 2004
Los Angeles Kings: Signed goaltender Barry Brust to a three-year contract.
Dallas Stars: Signed a one-year player loan agreement with the Montreal Canadiens.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed a one-year player loan agreement with the Dallas Stars' AHL affiliate in Hamilton.

Jun 8, 2004
Ottawa Senators: Named Bryan Murray coach.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Keith Ballard to a three-year contract.

Jun 7, 2004
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Signed defenseman Aaron Rome to a three-year contract.

Jun 4, 2004
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing George Parros to a one-year contract.

Jun 3, 2004
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Mark Rooneem.
Nashville Predators: Re-signed goaltender Chris Mason.

Jun 2, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed defensemen Lane Manson and Brian Sipotz and center Brad Schell.
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Todd Jackson, defenseman Derek Meech and goaltender Logan Koopmans.
Colorado Avalanche: Signed left wing Frantisek Skladany and goaltender Tyler Weiman.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Lance Monych and defenseman Dustin Wood to multi-year contracts.

Jun 1, 2004
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Ole-Kristian Tollefsen and right wing Tim Konsorada to multi-year contracts.
Florida Panthers: Signed defenseman Jeremy Swanson and center Rob Globke.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed left wing Michael Lambert to a three-year contract.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Erik Christensen.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed right wing Darren Reid, left wing Adam Henrich and defenseman Paul Ranger.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed goaltender Todd Ford to a multi-year contract.
Washington Capitals: Signed right wing Jonas Johansson and left wing Tomas Fleischmann to three-year contracts.

May 27, 2004
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed defensemen Dominic D'Amour and Andy Wozniewski and left wing Ben Ondrus.

May 26, 2004
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed center Maxime Talbot.
Florida Panthers: Named Mike Keenan general manager and Jacques Martin coach.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Re-signed left wing Jody Shelley to a two-year contract.

May 25, 2004
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Agreed to terms with the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks on a new extension of their affiliation agreement.
Minnesota Wild: Signed defenseman Ryan Stokes to a contract.

May 21, 2004
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Marius Holtet to a three-year contract.
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Petr Vrana.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Announced the resignation of assistant coach Lorne Molleken.

May 19, 2004
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed coach Brian Sutter to a contract extension; promoted Bruce Cassidy from scout to assistant coach; fired assistant coach Al MacAdam; retained assistant coach Denis Savard.

May 17, 2004
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced the resignation of vice chairman Ken Dryden.

May 14, 2004	
Toronto Maple Leafs: Announced a three-year agreement with TSN to broadcast 40 regular-season games per season.

May 13, 2004
Carolina Hurricanes: Signed goaltender Cam Ward to a multi-year contract.
St. Louis Blues: Announced the resignation of director of communications Frank Buonomo.

May 6, 2004
Calgary Flames: Extended their affiliation with Lowell of the AHL for the 2004-05 season.
Carolina Hurricanes: Extended their affiliation with Lowell of the AHL through the 2008-09 season.
Los Angeles Kings: Re-signed defenseman Nathan Dempsey to a multi-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Promoted Dave Nonis to general manager; promoted Steve Tambellini to assistant general manager.

May 3, 2004
Dallas Stars: Signed defenseman Matt Nickerson to a three-year contract.
Vancouver Canucks: Announced that the contract of president and general manager Brian Burke will not be renewed.

Apr 29, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Signed general manager Don Waddell to a multi-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed a multi-year affiliation agreement with Utah of the AHL.

Apr 27, 2004
Los Angeles Kings: Exercised the club option on the contract of center Esa Pirnes.

Apr 26, 2004
Washington Capitals: Signed free agent goaltender Justin Eddy.

Apr 22, 2004
Ottawa Senators: Fired coach Jacques Martin, assistant coach Don Jackson and goaltending coach Phil Myre.

Apr 19, 2004
Nashville Predators: Signed coach Barry Trotz, associate coach Brent Peterson, assistant coach Peter Horachek, goaltending coach Mitch Korn and video coach Robert Bouchard to contract extensions.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed center Greg Mauldin to a multi-year contract; signed defenseman Brandon Sugden to a one-year contract.

Apr 15, 2004
Dallas Stars: Signed right wing Junior Lessard.

Apr 13, 2004
Dallas Stars: Signed a one-year agreement with Houston of the AHL to serve as a developmental affiliate next season.	

Apr 12, 2004
Pittsburgh Penguins: Signed defenseman Ryan Whitney.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed defenseman Prestin Ryan to a one-year contract.

Apr 8, 2004
Los Angeles Kings: Signed right wing Greg Hogeboom to a two-year contract.

Apr 7, 2004
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed left wing Ben Eager to a three-year contract.

Apr 6, 2004
New Jersey Devils: Signed a two-year affiliation agreement with Albany of the AHL.

Apr 3, 2004
Detroit Red Wings: Signed defenseman Niklas Lidstrom to a two-year contract extension.

Apr 2, 2004
Detroit Red Wings: Signed left wing Tomas Holmstrom to a three-year contract extension.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed center Derek Armstrong to a multi-year contract extension.

Apr 1, 2004
Toronto Maple Leafs: Signed right wing Jeremy Williams.

Mar 31, 2004
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman Nick Kuiper.

Mar 29, 2004
New Jersey Devils: Signed center Zach Parise.

Mar 28, 2004
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed right wing Daniel Alfredsson to a five-year contract.

Mar 24, 2004
New Jersey Devils: Signed right wing Aaron Voros.

Mar 23, 2004
New York Rangers: Signed defenseman Thomas Pock.

Mar 22, 2004
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed defenseman James Wisniewski and goaltender Michael Brodeur.

Mar 20, 2004
Philadelphia Flyers: Signed defenseman Stephen Wood.

Mar 19, 2004
Columbus Blue Jackets: Signed right wing Steven Goertzen to a multi-year contract.
Montreal Canadiens: Signed goaltender Yann Danis.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed defenseman Joe Callahan to a multi-year contract.

Mar 9, 2004
Boston Bruins: Acquired center Brad Boyes and defenseman Andy Delmore from the Buffalo Sabres as part of a three-team trade involving the San Jose Sharks.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Jeff Jillson from the San Jose Sharks for center Curtis Brown and a ninth-round pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft as part of a three-team trade involving the Boston Bruins; acquired right wing Mike Grier from the Washington Capitals for center Jakub Klepis.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired goaltender Tommy Salo and a sixth-round pick (168th overall, Avalanche selected Justin Mercier) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Tom Gilbert; acquired center Chris Gratton, defenseman Ossi Vaananen and a second-round pick (44th overall, Avalanche selected Paul Stastny) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Phoenix Coyotes for defensemen Derek Morris and Keith Ballard.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired center Brian Holzinger from the Pittsburgh Penguins for center Lasse Pirjeta.
Dallas Stars: Signed free agent defenseman Lubomir Sekeras for the remainder of the season.
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Paul Healey from the New York Rangers for defenseman Jeff Paul.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired left wing Jeff Cowan from the Atlanta Thrashers for left wing Kip Brennan.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired left wing Jordan Krestanovich from the Colorado Avalanche for left wing Chris Bala.
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Shane Hnidy from the Ottawa Senators for a third-round pick (previously acquired from Colorado; 87th overall, Senators selected Peter Regin) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Islanders: Acquired defenseman Alexander Karpovtsev from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick (108th overall, Blackhawks selected Niklas Hjalmarsson) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Claimed right wing Sandy McCarthy off waivers from the Boston Bruins; claimed center Mike Green off waivers from the Florida Panthers.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Greg de Vries from the New York Rangers for defenseman Karel Rachunek and center Alexandre Giroux.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Tom Koivisto from the St. Louis Blues for future considerations.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired center Curtis Brown from the Buffalo Sabres for defenseman Jeff Jillson and a ninth-round pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft in a three-team trade involving the Boston Bruins.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired left wing Brian Savage from the Phoenix Coyotes for future considerations; acquired left wing Ryan Ready from the Vancouver Canucks for left wing Sergei Varlamov.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Stan Neckar from the Nashville Predators for a sixth-round pick (193rd overall, Predators selected Kevin Schaeffer) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired center Ron Francis from the Carolina Hurricanes for a fourth-round (later traded to Columbus; 101st overall) pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft; signed free agent defenseman Calle Johansson for the remainder of the season; claimed left wing Chad Kilger off waivers from the Montreal Canadiens.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired left wing Martin Rucinsky from the New York Rangers for defenseman Martin Grenier and center R.J. Umberger; acquired left wing Geoff Sanderson from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a third-round pick (93rd overall, Blue Jackets selected Daniel Lacosta) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft; acquired left wing Sylvain Blouin from the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman Rene Vydareny; acquired defenseman Marc Bergevin from the Pittsburgh Penguins for a seventh-round pick (222nd overall, Pittsburgh selected Jordan Morrison) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Washington Capitals: Claimed defenseman Jean-Luc Grand-Pierre and left wing Bill Lindsay off waivers from the Atlanta Thrashers.

Mar 8, 2004
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired defenseman Brad Brown and a sixth-round pick (191st overall, Sabres selected Vjateslav Buravchikov) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Minnesota Wild for a fourth-round pick (110th overall, Wild selected Kyle Bailey) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Marcus Nilson from the Florida Panthers for second-round pick (53th overall, Panthers selected David Booth) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired left wing Matthew Barnaby and a third-round pick (72nd overall, Avalanche selected Denis Parshin) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the New York Rangers for defenseman Chris McAllister, defenseman David Liffiton and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Florida, later traded to Florida; 37th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Dallas Stars: Acquired defenseman Chris Therien from the Philadelphia Flyers for an eighth-round pick (previously acquired from Phoenix; 232nd overall, Flyers selected Martin Houle) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft and a third-round pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft; acquired right wing Valeri Bure from the Florida Panthers for defenseman Drew Bagnall and a second-round pick (later traded to Phoenix via the New York Rangers; 50th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Florida Panthers: Acquired center Kamil Piros from the Atlanta Thrashers for defenseman Kyle Rossiter.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Vladimir Malakhov from the New York Rangers for right wing Rick Kozak and a second-round pick (later traded to Atlanta; 41st overall) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Alain Nasreddine from the New York Islanders for right wing Steve Webb.
Washington Capitals: Acquired right wing Jared Aulin from the Los Angeles Kings for right wing Anson Carter.

Mar 6, 2004
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Chris Simon from the New York Rangers for goaltender Jamie McLennan, center Blair Betts and right wing Greg Moore.
New York Rangers: Claimed left wing Josh Green off waivers from the Calgary Flames.

Mar 5, 2004
Nashville Predators: Acquired defenseman Brad Bombardir and center Sergei Zholtok from the Minnesota Wild for third- (previously acquired from Buffalo; 79th overall, Wild selected Clayton Stoner) and fourth-round (114th overall, Wild selected Patrick Bordeleau) picks in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired right wing Mike Rupp and a second-round pick (later traded to Edmonton; 57th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the New Jersey Devils for center Jan Hrdina.
Washington Capitals: Claimed left wing Craig Johnson off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Mar 4, 2004
Boston Bruins: Acquired center Michael Nylander from the Washington Capitals for a fourth-round pick (compensatory; 118th overall, Capitals selected Patrick McNeill) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (35th overall, Capitals selected Francois Bouchard) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Calgary Flames: Waived goaltender Roman Turek.
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Matt Underhill.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired center Jim Dowd from the Minnesota Wild for a fourth-round pick (117th overall, Wild selected Julien Sprunger) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Claimed left wing Jon Sim off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired center Mike Sillinger from the Phoenix Coyotes for goaltender Brent Johnson.
Washington Capitals: Claimed defenseman Brad Norton off waivers from the Los Angeles Kings.

Mar 3, 2004
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Sergei Gonchar from the Washington Capitals for defenseman Shaone Morrisonn and first- and second-round picks (27th and 62nd overall, Capitals selected Jeff Schultz and Michail Yunkov) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired center Petr Nedved and goaltender Jussi Markkanen from the New York Rangers for goaltender Steve Valiquette, center Dwight Helminen and a second-round pick (48th overall, Rangers selected Dane Byers) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired defenseman Jason Marshall from the Minnesota Wild for a fifth-round pick (161st overall, Wild selected Jean-Claude Sawyer) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired defenseman Brian Leetch from the New York Rangers for defenseman Max Kondratiev, center Jarkko Immonen, a first-round pick (later traded to Calgary; 24th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (40th overall, Rangers selected Michael Sauer) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 2, 2004
Florida Panthers: Acquired right wing Ty Jones from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired defenseman Nathan Dempsey from the Chicago Blackhawks for a fourth-round pick (113th overall, Blackhawks selected Nathan Davis) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft and future considerations.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired right wing Alexei Kovalev from the New York Rangers for right wing Jozef Balej and a fourth-round pick (51st overall, Rangers selected Bruce Graham) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Mar 1, 2004
New Jersey Devils: Acquired right Viktor Kozlov from the Florida Panthers for left wing Christian Berglund and defenseman Victor Uchevatov.
Minnesota Wild: Signed left wing Matt Johnson to a multi-year contract extension.

Feb 28, 2004
Minnesota Wild: Signed center Wes Walz to a multi-year contract extension.

Feb 27, 2004
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired center Robert Lang from the Washington Capitals for left wing Tomas Fleischmann, a first-round pick (29th overall, Capitals selected Mike Green) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth-round pick (122nd overall, Capitals selected Luke Lynes) in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 25, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Claimed left wing Brad Larsen off waivers from the Colorado Avalanche.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired center Darby Hendrickson and an eighth-round pick (239th overall, Avalanche selected Brandon Yip) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Minnesota Wild for a fourth-round pick (later traded to Ottawa; 95th overall) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
New York Rangers: Announced that general manager Glen Sather relinquished his duties as coach; named Tom Renney interim coach.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Timo Helbling from the Nashville Predators for an eighth-round pick (258th overall, Predators selected Pekka Rinne) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 24, 2004
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Ville Nieminen from the Chicago Blackhawks for right wing Jason Morgan and a sixth-round pick (167th overall, Blackhawks selected Joseph Fallon) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Chicago Blackhawks: Claimed right wing Eric Nickulas off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed vice president of hockey operations and assistant general manager Kevin Gilmore to a multi-year contract extension.
Phoenix Coyotes: Fired coach Bob Francis; promoted assistant Rick Bowness to interim coach; named Tom Kurvers assistant coach.
St. Louis Blues: Fired coach Joel Quenneville; named Mike Kitchen coach and signed him to a multi-year contract.

Feb 23, 2004
Phoenix Coyotes: Waived left wing Brian Savage.

Feb 21, 2004
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Kurt Sauer and a fourth-round pick (124th overall, Avalanche selected Raymond Macias) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for defenseman Martin Skoula.

Feb 20, 2004
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired defenseman Bob Boughner from the Carolina Hurricanes for defenseman Chris Bahen and a third-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 69th overall, Hurricanes selected Casey Borer) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft and a fifth-round pick (159th overall, Hurricanes selected Risto Korhonen) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 19, 2004
Calgary Flames: Claimed center Jason Morgan off waivers from the Nashville Predators.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired center Alexei Zhamnov and a fourth-round pick (previously acquired from Washington; 101st overall, Flyers selected R.J. Anderson) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Chicago Blackhawks for defenseman Jim Vandermeer, center Colin Fraser and a second-round pick (previously acquired from Los Angeles; 41st overall, Blackhawks selected Bryan Bickell) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 18, 2004
Chicago Blackhawks: Signed goaltender Adam Munro.
Dallas Stars: Signed free agent left wing Shayne Corson for the remainder of the season.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired right wing Peter Bondra from the Washington Capitals for center Brooks Laich and a second-round pick (later traded to Colorado; 52nd overall) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.

Feb 17, 2004
Nashville Predators: Signed right wing Scott Walker to a contract extension.

Feb 16, 2004
Nashville Predators: Acquired right wing Steve Sullivan from the Chicago Blackhawks for a second-round pick (45th overall, Blackhawks selected Ryan Garlock) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft and a second-round pick (43rd overall, Blackhawks selected Michael Blunden) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired left wing Steve Gainey from the Dallas Stars for right wing Mike Siklenka.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired center Peter Sarno from the Edmonton Oilers for goaltender Tyler Moss.

Feb 13, 2004
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed free agent right wing Rob Ray.
Phoenix Coyotes: Signed right wing Shane Doan to a three-year contract extension.

Feb 11, 2004
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired defenseman Ric Jackman from the Toronto Maple Leafs for defenseman Drake Berehowsky.

Feb 10, 2004
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired defenseman Brendan Buckley from the Pittsburgh Penguins for defenseman Pauli Levokari.

Feb 9, 2004
Florida Panthers: Announced that general manager Rick Dudley has stepped down as coach; named assistant John Torchetti interim coach.
Los Angeles Kings: Signed coach Andy Murray and assistants Mark Hardy, Ray Bennett, John Van Boxmeer and Andy Nowick to contract extensions.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired goaltender Sean Burke, right wing Branko Radivojevic and left wing Ben Eager from the Phoenix Coyotes for center Mike Comrie; announced the retirement of goaltender Jeff Hackett.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired defenseman Eric Weinrich from the Philadelphia Flyers for a fifth-round pick (149th overall, Flyers selected Gino Pisellini) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Signed general manager Jay Feaster and head coach John Tortorella to multi-year contract extensions.

Feb 8, 2004
New York Islanders: Named Butch Goring assistant coach.

Feb 5, 2004
Phoenix Coyotes: Agreed to end their affiliation deal with Springfield of the AHL at the end of the 2003-04 season.

Feb 4, 2004
Ottawa Senators: Acquired defenseman Todd Simpson from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for left wing Petr Schastlivy.

Jan 30, 2004
Nashville Predators: Claimed right wing Jeremy Yablonski off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.

Jan 29, 2004
St. Louis Blues: Claimed center Pascal Rheaume off waivers from the New York Rangers.

Jan 28, 2004
Florida Panthers: Named Steve Dangerfield executive vice president and general manager of Office Depot Center; named Carol Duncanson vice president of human resources; named Randy Moller director of broadcasting.

Jan 27, 2004
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired defenseman Darryl Sydor and a fourth-round pick (102nd overall, Lightning selected Mike Lundin) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Columbus Blue Jackets for center Alexander Svitov and a third-round pick (later traded to Calgary; 98th overall) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 26, 2004
Ottawa Senators: Re-signed coach Jaques Martin to a multi-year contract extension.

Jan 23, 2004
New York Rangers: Acquired right wing Jaromir Jagr from the Washington Capitals for right wing Anson Carter; acquired defenseman Jamie Pushor from the Columbus Blue Jackets for an eighth-round pick (233rd overall, Blue Jackets selected Matt Greer) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 22, 2004
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired defenseman Mattias Timander from the New York Islanders for a seventh-round pick (previously acquired from Tampa Bay; 227th overall, Islanders selected Chris Campoli) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Jan 20, 2004
Boston Bruins: Claimed center Craig MacDonald off waivers from the Florida Panthers.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired right wing Justin Williams from the Philadelphia Flyers for defenseman Danny Markov.

Jan 17, 2004
Boston Bruins: Acquired defenseman Jiri Slegr from the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations.
Phoenix Coyotes: Acquired defenseman Todd Reirden from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks for future considerations.

Jan 16, 2004
Florida Panthers: Signed right wing Donald Audette.

Jan 12, 2004
Anaheim Mighty Ducks: Waived right wing Dan Bylsma.

Jan 10, 2004
Toronto Maple Leafs: Claimed left wing Craig Johnson off waivers from the Anaheim Mighty Ducks.

Jan 9, 2004
Calgary Flames: Acquired left wing Lynn Loyns from the San Jose Sharks for future considerations.
New York Islanders: Signed center Cliff Ronning.
Washington Capitals: Claimed defenseman Todd Rohloff off waivers from the Columbus Blue Jackets.

Jan 7, 2004
Dallas Stars: Waived goaltender Ron Tugnutt.

Jan 6, 2004
Atlanta Thrashers: Acquired center Daniel Corso from the Ottawa Senators for center Brad Tapper.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Announced that associate coach Newell Brown has been re-assigned within the hockey operations department.

Jan 5, 2004
Edmonton Oilers: Signed defenseman Igor Ulanov to a one-year contract.

Jan 3, 2004
Vancouver Canucks: Claimed defenseman Wade Brookbank off waivers from the Florida Panthers.

Jan 1, 2004
Columbus Blue Jackets: Relieved general manager Doug MacLean of coaching duties; named assistant coach Gerard Gallant interim coach.
